label	desc
Chills	Chills is a feeling of coldness occurring during a high fever, but sometimes is also a common symptom which occurs alone in specific people.
Bronchitis	Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi (large and medium-sized airways) in the lungs that causes coughing.
Convulsion	A convulsion is a medical condition where body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly, resulting in uncontrolled actions of the body.
Congenital anomaly	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Hepatic function abnormal	Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs), also referred to as a hepatic panel, are groups of blood tests that provide information about the state of a patient's liver.
Hepatic cirrhosis	Cirrhosis, also known as liver cirrhosis or hepatic cirrhosis, is a condition in which the liver does not function properly due to long-term damage.
Anaphylactoid reaction	Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death.
Angina pectoris	Angina, also known as angina pectoris, is chest pain or pressure, usually due to not enough blood flow to the heart muscle.
Apnoea	Apnea is the cessation of breathing.
Asthenia	Weakness is a symptom of a number of different conditions.
Diabetes mellitus	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Asthma	Asthma is a common long-term inflammatory disease of the airways of the lungs.
Abortion	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Laboratory test abnormal	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Abdominal distension	Abdominal distension occurs when substances, such as air (gas) or fluid, accumulate in the abdomen causing its expansion.
Chronic myeloid leukaemia	Chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), also known as chronic myeloid leukemia, is a cancer of the white blood cells.
Chest pain	Chest pain is discomfort, typically in the front of the chest.
Guillain-Barre syndrome	Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS) is a rapid-onset muscle weakness caused by the immune system damaging the peripheral nervous system.
Arthralgia	Arthralgia (from Greek arthro-, joint + -algos, pain) literally means joint pain.
Abdominal pain	Abdominal pain, also known as a stomach ache, is a symptom associated with both non-serious and serious medical issues.
Angioneurotic oedema	Angioedema is an area of swelling of the lower layer of skin and tissue just under the skin or mucous membranes.
Confusional state	Confusional state
Syncope	Syncope, also known as fainting, is a loss of consciousness and muscle strength characterized by a fast onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery.
Hyperglycaemia	Hyperglycemia (also spelled hyperglycaemia or hyperglycæmia), is a condition in which an excessive amount of glucose circulates in the blood plasma.
Laryngospasm	Laryngospasm is an uncontrolled or involuntary muscular contraction (spasm) of the vocal folds.
Dehydration	In physiology, dehydration is a deficit of total body water, with an accompanying disruption of metabolic processes.
Cough	A cough is a sudden, and often repetitively occurring, protective reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from fluids, irritants, foreign particles and microbes.
Erythema multiforme	Erythema multiforme (EM) is a skin condition of unknown cause; it is a type of erythema possibly mediated by deposition of immune complexes (mostly IgM-bound complexes) in the superficial microvasculature of the skin and oral mucous membrane that usually follows an infection or drug exposure.
Bradycardia	Bradycardia is a condition typically defined wherein an individual has a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM) in adults.
Agitation	Agitation
CSF test abnormal	CSF test abnormal
Autism	Autism is a developmental disorder characterized by difficulties with social interaction and communication, and by restricted and repetitive behavior.
Headache	Headache is the symptom of pain in the face, head, or neck.
Ecchymosis	An ecchymosis (pl.
Injection site reaction	Injection site reactions are allergic reactions that result in cutaneous necrosis that may occur at sites of medication injection, typically presenting in one of two forms, (1) those associated with intravenous infusion or (2) those related to intramuscular injection.
Haemolysis	Hemolysis or haemolysis (), also known by several other names, is the rupturing (lysis) of red blood cells (erythrocytes) and the release of their contents (cytoplasm) into surrounding fluid (e.g.
Encephalitis	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Condition aggravated	Condition aggravated
Back pain	Back pain, also known as backache, is pain felt in the back.
Alanine aminotransferase increased	Alanine transaminase (ALT) is a transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.2).
Choroiditis	Chorioretinitis is an inflammation of the choroid (thin pigmented vascular coat of the eye) and retina of the eye.
Deafness	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Anorexia	Anorexia nervosa, often referred to simply as anorexia, is an eating disorder, characterized by low weight, food restriction, fear of gaining weight, and a strong desire to be thin.
Dyspnoea	Shortness of breath, also known as dyspnea (pronounced in medical English as /dɪspˈniːə/ disp-NEE-ə, with a vocalized P), is the feeling that one cannot breathe well enough.
Infection	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Chorioretinitis	Chorioretinitis is an inflammation of the choroid (thin pigmented vascular coat of the eye) and retina of the eye.
Haematuria	Hematuria is the presence of red blood cells in the urine.
Injection site hypersensitivity	Injection site hypersensitivity
Neuropathy	Peripheral neuropathy, often shortened to neuropathy, is a general term describing disease affecting the peripheral nerves, meaning nerves beyond the brain and spinal cord.
Psoriasis	Psoriasis is a long-lasting autoimmune disease characterized by patches of abnormal skin.
Sepsis	Sepsis is a life-threatening condition that arises when the body's response to infection causes injury to its own tissues and organs.
Electroencephalogram abnormal	Electroencephalography (EEG) is an electrophysiological monitoring method to record electrical activity of the brain.
Pyrexia	Fever, also known as pyrexia and febrile response, is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body's temperature set point.
Dermatitis exfoliative	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Erythema nodosum	Erythema nodosum (EN), is an inflammatory condition characterized by inflammation of the fat cells under the skin, resulting in tender red nodules or lumps that are usually seen on both shins.
Cardiac arrest	Cardiac arrest is a sudden loss of blood flow resulting from the failure of the heart to pump effectively.
Hypochromic anaemia	Hypochromic anemia is a generic term for any type of anemia in which the red blood cells are paler than normal.
Arrhythmia	Heart arrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia, dysrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is a group of conditions in which the heartbeat is irregular, too fast or too slow.
Aphasia	Aphasia is an inability to comprehend or formulate language because of damage to specific brain regions.
Unevaluable event	Unevaluable event
Albuminuria	Albuminuria is a pathological condition wherein the protein albumin is abnormally present in the urine.
Haemorrhage	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Drug ineffective	A drug is any substance that causes a change in an organism's physiology or psychology when consumed.Drugs are typically distinguished from food and substances that provide nutritional support.
Pruritus	Itch (also known as pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch.
Face oedema	The face is the front of an animal's head that features three of the head's sense organs, the eyes, nose, and mouth, and through which animals express many of their emotions.
Rhinitis	Rhinitis, also known as coryza, is irritation and inflammation of the mucous membrane inside the nose.
Lymphadenopathy	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size or consistency.
Aspartate aminotransferase increased	Aspartate transaminase (AST) or aspartate aminotransferase, also known as AspAT/ASAT/AAT or (serum) glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT, SGOT), is a pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.1) that was first described by Arthur Karmen and colleagues in 1954.
Abscess	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Pharyngitis	Pharyngitis is inflammation of the back of the throat, known as the pharynx.
Tremor	A tremor is an involuntary, somewhat rhythmic, muscle contraction and relaxation involving oscillations or twitching movements of one or more body parts.
Bone disorder	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Dermatitis bullous	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Cerebellar syndrome	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Arthritis	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Bilirubinuria	"In medicine, bilirubinuria is an abnormality in which conjugated bilirubin is detected in the urine.The term ""biliuria"" is very similar, but more general."
Cardiovascular disorder	Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a class of diseases that involve the heart or blood vessels.
Blood amylase increased	Blood amylase increased
Hyperhidrosis	Hyperhidrosis is a condition characterized by abnormally increased sweating, in excess of that required for regulation of body temperature.
Diarrhoea	Diarrhea, also spelled diarrhoea, is the condition of having at least three loose, liquid, or watery bowel movements each day.
Diabetes insipidus	Diabetes insipidus (DI) is a condition characterized by large amounts of dilute urine and increased thirst.
Cerebral infarction	A cerebral infarction is an area of necrotic tissue in the brain resulting from a blockage or narrowing in the arteries supplying blood and oxygen to the brain.
Coma	A coma is a deep state of prolonged unconsciousness in which a person cannot be awakened; fails to respond normally to painful stimuli, light, or sound; lacks a normal wake-sleep cycle; and does not initiate voluntary actions.
Grand mal convulsion	A generalized tonic–clonic seizure, commonly known as a grand mal seizure or GTCS, is a type of generalized seizure that produces bilateral, convulsive tonic and clonic muscle contractions.
Leukocytosis	Leukocytosis is white cells  (the leukocyte count) above the normal range in the blood.
Conjunctivitis	Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
Dyspepsia	Indigestion, also known as dyspepsia, is a condition of impaired digestion.
Colitis ulcerative	Colitis is an inflammation of the colon.
Febrile convulsion	A febrile seizure, also known as a fever fit or febrile convulsion, is a seizure associated with a high body temperature but without any serious underlying health issue.
Candidiasis	Candidiasis is a fungal infection due to any type of Candida (a type of yeast).
Hypokinesia	Hypokinesia refers to decreased bodily movement.
Cerebral ischaemia	Brain ischemia is a condition in which there is insufficient blood flow to the brain to meet metabolic demand.
Oedema	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Cerebrovascular accident	A stroke is a medical condition in which poor blood flow to the brain results in cell death.
Antinuclear antibody	Antinuclear antibodies (ANAs, also known as antinuclear factor or ANF) are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus.
Amnesia	Amnesia is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage or disease, but it can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs.
Amblyopia	Amblyopia, also called lazy eye, is a disorder of sight due to the eye and brain not working well together.
Coordination abnormal	In linguistics, coordination is a complex syntactic structure that links together two or more elements; these elements are called conjuncts or conjoins.
Alopecia	Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body.
Cyanosis	Cyanosis is the  bluish or purplish discolouration of the skin or mucous membranes due to the tissues near the skin surface having low oxygen saturation.
Cardiac failure	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Facial palsy	Facial nerve paralysis is a common problem that involves the paralysis of any structures innervated by the facial nerve.
Neoplasm skin	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Blood alkaline phosphatase increased	Blood alkaline phosphatase increased
Endocarditis	Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart, the endocardium.
Glomerulonephritis	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Coagulopathy	Coagulopathy (also called a bleeding disorder) is a condition in which the blood’s ability to coagulate (form clots) is impaired.
Hypoglycaemia	Hypoglycemia, also known as low blood sugar, is when blood sugar decreases to below normal levels.
Anxiety	Anxiety is an emotion characterized by an unpleasant state of inner turmoil, often accompanied by nervous behaviour such as pacing back and forth, somatic complaints, and rumination.
Delirium	Delirium, also known as acute confusional state, is an organically caused decline from a previous baseline mental functioning that develops over a short period of time, typically hours to days.
Hypotension	Hypotension is low blood pressure, especially in the arteries of the left sided systemic circulation.
Hernia	A hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ, such as the bowel, through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides.
Brain oedema	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Osteoarthritis	Osteoarthritis (OA) is a type of joint disease that results from breakdown of joint cartilage and underlying bone.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase increased	Gamma-glutamyltransferase (also γ-glutamyltransferase, GGT, gamma-GT; EC 2.3.2.2) is a transferase (a type of enzyme) that catalyzes the transfer of gamma-glutamyl functional groups from molecules such as glutathione to an acceptor that may be an amino acid, a peptide or water (forming glutamate).
Anaemia	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
HIV test positive	HIV tests are used to detect the presence of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), in serum, saliva, or urine.
Apathy	Apathy is a lack of feeling, emotion, interest, or concern about something.
Cellulitis	Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the inner layers of the skin.
Immunoglobulins increased	An antibody (Ab), also known as an immunoglobulin (Ig), is a large, Y-shaped protein produced mainly by plasma cells that is used by the immune system to neutralize pathogens such as pathogenic bacteria and viruses.
Blood creatinine increased	Blood creatinine increased
Abnormal dreams	Abnormality (or dysfunctional behavior) is a behavioral characteristic assigned to those with conditions regarded as rare or dysfunctional.
Depressed level of consciousness	Depressed level of consciousness
Dizziness	Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability.
Amenorrhoea	Amenorrhea is the absence of a menstrual period in a woman of reproductive age.
Leukopenia	Leukopenia (from Greek  λευκός (leukos), meaning 'white', and  πενία (penia), meaning 'deficiency') is a decrease in the number of leukocytes.
Diplopia	Diplopia is the simultaneous perception of two images of a single object that may be displaced horizontally, vertically, diagonally (i.e., both vertically and horizontally), or rotationally in relation to each other.
Affect lability	Affect lability
Purpura	Purpura () is a condition of  red or purple discolored spots on the skin that do not blanch on applying pressure.
Epistaxis	A nosebleed, also known as epistaxis ( EP-ih-STAK-sis), is the common occurrence of bleeding from the nose.
Faecal incontinence	Fecal incontinence (FI), also known as anal incontinence, or in some forms encopresis, is a lack of control over defecation, leading to involuntary loss of bowel contents—including flatus (gas), liquid stool elements and mucus, or solid feces.
Aphthous stomatitis	Aphthous stomatitis is a common condition characterized by the repeated formation of benign and non-contagious mouth ulcers (aphthae) in otherwise healthy individuals.
Drug interaction	A drug interaction is a change in the action or side effects of a drug caused by concomitant administration with a food, beverage, supplement, or another drug.There are many causes of drug interactions.
Coronary artery thrombosis	The coronary arteries are the blood vessels (arteries) of coronary circulation, which transports oxygenated blood to the substance of the heart.
Myocardial infarction	Myocardial infarction (MI), also known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow decreases or stops to a part of the heart, causing damage to the heart muscle.
Myocarditis	Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation of the heart muscle.
Atrioventricular block complete	Atrioventricular block (AV block) is a type of heart block in which the electrical signal between the atria, or the upper portions of the heart, and ventricles, or the lower portions of the heart, is impaired.
Thrombocytopenic purpura	Thrombocytopenic purpura are purpura associated with a reduction in circulating blood platelets which can result from a variety of causes, such as kaposi sarcoma.
Skin discolouration	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Movement disorder	Movement disorders are clinical syndromes with either an excess of movement or a paucity of voluntary and involuntary movements, unrelated to weakness or spasticity.
Brain stem syndrome	The brainstem (or brain stem) is the posterior part of the brain, continuous with the spinal cord.
Gastroenteritis	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Foetal disorder	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Aplastic anaemia	Aplastic anemia is an autoimmune disease in which the body fails to produce blood cells in sufficient numbers.
Hyperventilation	Hyperventilation occurs when the rate or tidal volume of breathing eliminates more carbon dioxide than the body can produce.
Arteritis	Arteritis is the inflammation of the walls of arteries, usually as a result of infection or autoimmune response.
Blindness	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
Granuloma	A granuloma is a structure formed during inflammation that is found in many diseases.
Hypertension	Hypertension (HTN or HT), also known as high blood pressure (HBP), is a long-term medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is persistently elevated.
Cerebral haemorrhage	Intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH), also known as cerebral bleed, is a type of intracranial bleed that occurs within the brain tissue or ventricles.
Hostility	Hostility  is seen as form of emotionally charged aggressive behavior.
Abnormal faeces	Abnormality (or dysfunctional behavior) is a behavioral characteristic assigned to those with conditions regarded as rare or dysfunctional.
Choreoathetosis	Choreoathetosis is the occurrence of involuntary movements in a combination of chorea (irregular migrating contractions) and athetosis (twisting and writhing).
Oedema peripheral	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Haemolytic anaemia	Hemolytic anemia is a form of anemia due to hemolysis, the abnormal breakdown of red blood cells (RBCs), either in the blood vessels (intravascular hemolysis) or elsewhere in the human body (extravascular, but usually in the spleen).
Petechiae	A petechia (pl.
Visual disturbance	A vision disorder is an impairment of the sense of vision.
Extensor plantar response	Extensor plantar response
Cerebellar ataxia	Cerebellar ataxia is a form of ataxia originating in the cerebellum.
Coombs direct test positive	Coombs direct test positive
Myelitis	Myelitis is inflammation of the spinal cord which can disrupt the normal responses from the brain to the rest of the body, and from the rest of the body to the brain.
Muscle spasms	A spasm is a sudden involuntary contraction of a muscle, a group of muscles, or a hollow organ such as the heart.
Depersonalisation	Depersonalization can consist of a detachment within the self, regarding one's mind or body, or being a detached observer of oneself.
Ascites	Ascites is the abnormal buildup of fluid in the abdomen.
Injection site mass	Injection site mass
Blood creatine phosphokinase increased	Blood creatine phosphokinase increased
Hypoaesthesia	Hypoesthesia is a common side effect of various medical conditions which manifests as a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli.
Hyperbilirubinaemia	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Otitis media	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Gingival bleeding	Bleeding on probing which is also known as bleeding gums or gingival bleeding  is a term used by dentists and dental hygienists when referring to bleeding that is induced by gentle manipulation of the tissue at the depth of the gingival sulcus, or interface between the gingiva and a tooth.
Eye disorder	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Adrenal haemorrhage	The adrenal glands (also known as suprarenal glands) are endocrine glands that produce a variety of hormones including adrenaline and the steroids aldosterone and cortisol.
Breast pain	Breast pain is the symptom of discomfort in the breast.
Anorectal disorder	Anorectal disorders are painful but common conditions like hemorrhoids, tears, fistulas, or abscesses that affect the anal region.
Sudden infant death syndrome	Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), also known as cot death or crib death, is the sudden unexplained death of a child of less than one year of age.
Rash	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Muscle atrophy	Muscle atrophy is the loss of skeletal muscle mass that can be caused by immobility, aging, malnutrition, medications, or a wide range of injuries or diseases that impact the musculoskeletal or nervous system.
Pleural effusion	A pleural effusion is excess fluid that accumulates in the pleural cavity, the fluid-filled space that surrounds the lungs.
Immune system disorder	An autoimmune disease is a condition arising from an abnormal immune response to a normal body part.
Eosinophilia	Eosinophilia is a condition in which the eosinophil count in the peripheral blood exceeds 5.0×108/l (500/μL).
Cardiomegaly	Cardiomegaly is a medical condition in which the heart is enlarged.
Serum sickness	Serum sickness in humans is a reaction to proteins in antiserum derived from a non-human animal source, occurring 5–10 days after exposure.
Bursitis	Bursitis is the inflammation of one or more bursae (small sacs) of synovial fluid in the body.
Gait disturbance	Gait deviations are nominally referred to as any variation of standard human gait, typically manifesting as a coping mechanism in response to an anatomical impairment.
Herpes zoster	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Hepatitis	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Uveitis	Uveitis is the inflammation of the uvea, the pigmented layer that lies between the inner retina and the outer fibrous layer composed of the sclera and cornea.
Hepatomegaly	Hepatomegaly is the condition of having an enlarged liver.
Hallucination	A hallucination is a perception in the absence of external stimulus that has qualities of real perception.
Myopathy	Myopathy is a disease of the muscle in which the muscle fibers do not function properly.
Meningism	Meningism is a set of symptoms similar to those of meningitis but not caused by meningitis.
Alcohol intolerance	Alcohol intolerance  is due to a genetic polymorphism of the enzyme alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that metabolises ingested alcohol.
Gangrene	Gangrene is a type of tissue death caused by a lack of blood supply.
Abnormal labour	Abnormality (or dysfunctional behavior) is a behavioral characteristic assigned to those with conditions regarded as rare or dysfunctional.
Thrombocytopenia	Thrombocytopenia is a condition characterized by abnormally low levels of thrombocytes, also known as platelets, in the blood.A normal human platelet count ranges from 150,000 to 450,000 platelets per microliter of blood.
Complication of pregnancy	Complications of pregnancy are health problems that are related to pregnancy.
Skin nodule	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Globulins decreased	The globulins are a family of globular proteins that have the higher molecular weights than albumins and are insoluble in pure water but dissolve in dilute salt solutions.
Pain	Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli.
Coronary artery disease	Coronary artery disease (CAD), also known as ischemic heart disease (IHD), involves the reduction of blood flow to the heart muscle due to build-up of plaque in the arteries of the heart.
Multiple sclerosis	Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
Urticaria	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Constipation	Constipation refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass.
Cardiomyopathy	Cardiomyopathy is a group of diseases that affect the heart muscle.
Electrocardiogram abnormal	Electrocardiography is the process of producing an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG), a recording – a graph of voltage versus time – of the electrical activity of the heart using electrodes placed on the skin.
Hypertonia	Hypertonia is a term sometimes used synonymously with spasticity and rigidity in the literature surrounding damage to the central nervous system, namely upper motor neuron lesions.
Optic neuritis	Optic neuritis is a demyelinating inflammation of the optic nerve.
Eye pain	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Hepatic failure	Liver failure  is the inability of the liver to perform its normal synthetic and metabolic function as part of normal physiology.
Injection site oedema	Injection site oedema
Asphyxia	Asphyxia or asphyxiation is a condition of  deficient supply of oxygen to the body that arises from abnormal breathing.
Lung disorder	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Congenital musculoskeletal anomaly	Congenital musculoskeletal anomaly
Arthropathy	An arthropathy is a disease of a joint.
Hepatocellular damage	Hepatocellular damage
Congenital genitourinary abnormality	Congenital genitourinary abnormality
Granuloma skin	A granuloma is a structure formed during inflammation that is found in many diseases.
Nuchal rigidity	Neck stiffness, stiff neck and nuchal rigidity are terms often used interchangeably to describe the medical condition when one experiences discomfort or pain when trying to turn, move, or flex the neck.
Hypotonia	Hypotonia, commonly known as floppy baby syndrome, is a state of low muscle tone (the amount of tension or resistance to stretch in a muscle), often involving reduced muscle strength.
Application site reaction	Application site reactions are reactions to medical treatments which occur at the site of application.
Myalgia	Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom that presents with a large array of diseases.
Skin disorder	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Injury	Injury, also known as physical trauma, is damage to the body caused by external force.
Pallor	Pallor is a pale color of the skin that can be caused by illness, emotional shock or stress, stimulant use, or anemia, and is the result of a reduced amount of oxyhaemoglobin and may also be visible as pallor of the conjunctivae of the eyes on physical examination.
Cholangitis	Ascending cholangitis, also known as acute cholangitis or simply cholangitis, is inflammation of the bile duct (cholangitis), usually caused by bacteria ascending from its junction with the duodenum (first part of the small intestine).
Ear disorder	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Ophthalmoplegia	Ophthalmoparesis  refers to weakness (-paresis) or paralysis (-plegia) of one or more extraocular muscles which are responsible for eye movements.
Dysphagia	Dysphagia is difficulty in swallowing.
Cystitis	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Paralysis	Paralysis is a loss of muscle function for one or more muscles.
Sarcoidosis	Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas.
Accommodation disorder	Accommodation disorder
Dysgeusia	Dysgeusia, also known as parageusia, is a distortion of the sense of taste.
Cerebrovascular disorder	Cerebrovascular disease includes a variety of medical conditions that affect the blood vessels of the brain and the cerebral circulation.
Myasthenic syndrome	Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a long-term neuromuscular disease that leads to varying degrees of skeletal muscle weakness.
Pancreatitis	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Polyarteritis nodosa	Polyarteritis nodosa (PAN), is a systemic necrotizing inflammation of blood vessels (vasculitis) affecting medium-sized muscular arteries, typically involving the arteries of the kidneys and other internal organs but generally sparing the lungs' circulation.
Paraesthesia	Paresthesia (or paraesthesia) is an abnormal dermal sensation (e.g., a tingling, pricking, chilling, burning, or numb sensation on the skin) with no apparent physical cause.
Injection site inflammation	Injection site inflammation
Diabetic coma	Diabetic coma is a reversible form of coma found in people with diabetes mellitus.
Malaise	Malaise  is a feeling of general discomfort, uneasiness, or pain, often the first sign of an infection or other disease.
Capillary fragility increased	Capillary fragility increased
Hypoxia	Hypoxia is a condition in which the body or a region of the body is deprived of adequate oxygen supply at the tissue level.
Peripheral vascular disorder	Peripheral vascular disorder
Rash maculo-papular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Atelectasis	Atelectasis is the collapse or closure of a lung resulting in reduced or absent gas exchange.
Dysuria	Dysuria refers to painful urination.
Nephropathy toxic	Kidney disease, or renal disease, also known as nephropathy, is damage to or disease of a kidney.
Intracranial aneurysm	Intracranial aneurysm, also known as brain aneurysm, is a cerebrovascular disorder in which weakness in the wall of a cerebral artery or vein causes a localized dilation or ballooning of the blood vessel.
Injection site pain	Injection site reactions are allergic reactions that result in cutaneous necrosis that may occur at sites of medication injection, typically presenting in one of two forms, (1) those associated with intravenous infusion or (2) those related to intramuscular injection.
Meningitis	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Acidosis	Acidosis is a process causing increased acidity in the blood and other body tissues (i.e., an increased hydrogen ion concentration).
Eczema	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Eyelid ptosis	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Vomiting	Vomiting is the involuntary, forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose.Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may be present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation.
Anuria	Anuria is nonpassage of urine, in practice is defined as passage of less than 100 milliliters of urine in a day.
Nephrotic syndrome	Nephrotic syndrome is a collection of symptoms due to kidney damage.
Muscle twitching	A fasciculation, or muscle twitch, is a small, local, involuntary muscle contraction and relaxation which may be visible under the skin.
Retinal haemorrhage	Retinal haemorrhage is a disorder of the eye in which bleeding occurs in the retina, the light sensitive tissue, located on the back wall of the eye.
Bundle branch block	A bundle branch block is a defect of the bundle branches or fascicles in the electrical conduction system of the heart.
Deafness transitory	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Azotaemia	"Azotemia (azot, ""nitrogen"" + -emia, ""blood condition"") is a medical condition characterized by abnormally high levels of nitrogen-containing compounds (such as urea, creatinine, various body waste compounds, and other nitrogen-rich compounds) in the blood."
Scleroderma	Scleroderma is a group of autoimmune diseases that may result in changes to the skin, blood vessels, muscles, and internal organs.
Acute lymphocytic leukaemia	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a cancer of the lymphoid line of blood cells characterized by the development of large numbers of immature lymphocytes.
Central nervous system neoplasm	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Psychotic disorder	Psychosis is an abnormal condition of the mind that results in difficulties determining what is real and what is not.
Marrow hyperplasia	Marrow hyperplasia
Acute leukaemia	Acute leukemia or acute leukaemia is a family of serious medical conditions relating to an original diagnosis of leukemia.
Colitis	Colitis is an inflammation of the colon.
Injection site abscess	Injection site abscess
Deafness permanent	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Nystagmus	Nystagmus is a condition of involuntary (or voluntary, in some cases) eye movement, acquired in infancy or later in life, that may result in reduced or limited vision.
Liver tenderness	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Neuritis	Neuritis () is inflammation of a nerve or the general inflammation of the peripheral nervous system.
Breast neoplasm	Breast diseases make up a number of conditions.
Mucous membrane disorder	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Bleeding time prolonged	Bleeding time is a medical test done on someone to assess their platelets function.
Vasculitis	Vasculitis is a group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation.
Neck pain	Neck pain, also known as cervicalgia, is a common problem, with two-thirds of the population having neck pain at some point in their lives.Neck pain, although felt in the neck, can be caused by numerous other spinal problems.
Personality disorder	Personality disorders (PD) are a class of mental disorders characterized by enduring maladaptive patterns of behavior, cognition, and inner experience, exhibited across many contexts and deviating from those accepted by the individual's culture.
Lichenoid keratosis	Lichen planus is a chronic inflammatory and immune mediated disease that affects the skin, nails, hair, and mucous membranes.
Blood lactate dehydrogenase increased	Blood lactate dehydrogenase increased
Coombs positive haemolytic anaemia	Coombs positive haemolytic anaemia
Influenza	Influenza, commonly known as the flu, is an infectious disease caused by an influenza virus.
Bronchiectasis	Bronchiectasis is a disease in which there is permanent enlargement of parts of the airways of the lung.
Crying	Crying is the shedding of tears (or welling of tears in the eyes) in response to an emotional state, pain or a physical irritation of the eye.
Pneumonia	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Depression	Depression
Atrioventricular block	Atrioventricular block (AV block) is a type of heart block in which the electrical signal between the atria, or the upper portions of the heart, and ventricles, or the lower portions of the heart, is impaired.
Skin ulcer	An ulcer is a sore on the skin or a mucous membrane, accompanied by the disintegration of tissue.
Gastric atony	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Insomnia	Insomnia, also known as sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which people have trouble sleeping.
Gastrointestinal disorder	Gastrointestinal diseases (abbrev.
Hypokalaemia	Hypokalemia is a low level of potassium (K+) in the blood serum.
Fibrosis tendinous	Fibrosis is the formation of excess fibrous connective tissue in an organ or tissue in a reparative or reactive process.
Haematemesis	Hematemesis is the vomiting of blood.
Hyperaesthesia	Hyperesthesia is a condition that involves an abnormal increase in sensitivity to stimuli of the sense.
Blood thromboplastin decreased	Blood thromboplastin decreased
Paraplegia	Paraplegia is an impairment in motor or sensory function of the lower extremities.
Hyperthyroidism	Hyperthyroidism is the condition that occurs due to excessive production of thyroid hormone by the thyroid gland.
Gastrointestinal carcinoma	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Chromatopsia	A vision disorder is an impairment of the sense of vision.
Angiopathy	Angiopathy is the generic term for a disease of the blood vessels (arteries, veins, and capillaries).
Jaundice	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Tendon disorder	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Mydriasis	Mydriasis is the dilation of the pupil, usually having a non-physiological cause, or sometimes a physiological pupillary response.
Encephalopathy	"Encephalopathy (; from Ancient Greek: ἐνκέφαλος ""brain"" + πάθος ""suffering"") means any disorder or disease of the brain, especially chronic degenerative conditions."
Blepharitis	Blepharitis is one of the most common ocular conditions characterized by inflammation,  scaling, reddening, and crusting of the eyelid.
Cataract	A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye which leads to a decrease in vision.
Hyperreflexia	Hyperreflexia is defined as overactive or overresponsive reflexes.
Photosensitivity reaction	Photodermatitis, sometimes referred to as sun poisoning or photoallergy, is a form of allergic contact dermatitis in which the allergen must be activated by light to sensitize the allergic response, and to cause a rash or other systemic effects on subsequent exposure.
Skin necrosis	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Hypersensitivity	Hypersensitivity (also called hypersensitivity reaction or intolerance)  refers to undesirable reactions produced by the normal immune system, including allergies and autoimmunity.
Inappropriate schedule of drug administration	Inappropriate schedule of drug administration
Ileus	Ileus is a disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the intestine due to the malfunction of peristalsis.
Chromosome abnormality	A chromosomal disorder, anomaly, aberration, or mutation is a missing, extra, or irregular portion of chromosomal DNA.
Rheumatoid arthritis	Rheumatoid arthritis  (RA) is a long-term autoimmune disorder that primarily affects joints.
Retinal vascular disorder	The retina is the innermost, light-sensitive layer of tissue of the eye of most vertebrates and some molluscs.
Herpes simplex	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Stillbirth	Stillbirth is typically defined as fetal death at or after 20 to 28 weeks of pregnancy (depending on the source).
Gastritis	Gastritis is inflammation of the lining of the stomach.
Arterial spasm	Vasospasm refers to a condition in which an arterial spasm leads to vasoconstriction.
Optic neuritis retrobulbar	Optic neuritis is a demyelinating inflammation of the optic nerve.
Emphysema	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a type of obstructive lung disease characterized by long-term breathing problems and poor airflow.
Postpartum haemorrhage	Postpartum bleeding or postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) is often defined as the loss of more than 500 ml or 1,000 ml of blood within the first 24 hours following childbirth.
Blood urea increased	Blood urea increased
Speech disorder	Speech disorders or speech impediments are a type of communication disorder where 'normal' speech is disrupted.
Hypercalcaemia	Hypercalcaemia, also spelled hypercalcemia, is a high calcium (Ca2+) level in the blood serum.
Congenital central nervous system anomaly	Congenital central nervous system anomaly
Enzyme abnormality	Enzymes  are macromolecular biological catalysts that accelerate chemical reactions.
Neonatal disorder	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Bone pain	Bone pain (also known medically by several other names) is pain coming from a bone.
Migraine	A migraine is a primary headache disorder characterized by recurrent headaches that are moderate to severe.
Gaze palsy	Conjugate gaze palsies are neurological disorders affecting the ability to move both eyes in the same direction.
Eye haemorrhage	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Systemic lupus erythematosus	Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), also known simply as lupus, is an autoimmune disease in which the body's immune system mistakenly attacks healthy tissue in many parts of the body.
Malignant melanoma	Melanoma, also known as malignant melanoma, is a type of cancer that develops from the pigment-containing cells known as melanocytes.
Dermatomyositis	Dermatomyositis (DM) is a long-term inflammatory disorder which affects muscles.
Cachexia	Cachexia () is a complex syndrome associated with an underlying illness causing ongoing muscle loss that is not entirely reversed with nutritional supplementation.
Nausea	Nausea is an unpleasant, diffuse sensation of unease and discomfort, often perceived as an urge to vomit.
Testicular disorder	Testicle or testis is the male reproductive gland or gonad in all animals, including humans.
Somnolence	"Somnolence (alternatively ""sleepiness"" or ""drowsiness"") is a state of strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (compare hypersomnia)."
Pericarditis	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Mental retardation severity unspecified	Mental retardation severity unspecified
Acne	Acne, also known as acne vulgaris, is a long-term skin disease that occurs when hair follicles are clogged with dead skin cells and oil from the skin.
Laryngitis	Laryngitis is inflammation of the larynx (voice box).
Hormone level abnormal	Hormone level abnormal
Malabsorption	Malabsorption is a state arising from abnormality in absorption of food nutrients across the gastrointestinal (GI) tract.
Acute myeloid leukaemia	Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a cancer of the myeloid line of blood cells, characterized by the rapid growth of abnormal cells that build up in the bone marrow and blood and interfere with normal blood cells.
Ageusia	"Ageusia is the loss of taste functions of the tongue, particularly the inability to detect sweetness, sourness, bitterness, saltiness, and umami (meaning ""pleasant/savory taste"")."
Neuralgia	"Neuralgia (Greek neuron, ""nerve"" + algos, ""pain"") is pain in the distribution of a nerve or nerves, as in intercostal neuralgia, trigeminal neuralgia, and glossopharyngeal neuralgia."
Hepatic neoplasm	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Hypothermia	Hypothermia is defined as a body core temperature below 35.0 °C (95.0 °F) in humans.
Oral candidiasis	Oral candidiasis, also known as oral thrush among other names, is candidiasis that occurs in the mouth.
Hypocalcaemia	Hypocalcaemia is low calcium levels in the blood serum.
Bronchiolitis	Bronchiolitis is blockage of the small airways in the lungs due to a viral infection.
Blood prolactin increased	Blood prolactin increased
Neoplasm	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Aortic valve stenosis	Aortic stenosis (AS or AoS) is the narrowing  of the exit of the left ventricle of the heart (where the aorta begins), such that problems result.
Bacterial infection	Pathogenic bacteria are bacteria that can cause disease.
Hemiplegia	"Hemiparesis, or unilateral paresis, is weakness of one entire side of the body (hemi- means ""half"")."
Intracranial pressure increased	Intracranial pressure (ICP) is the pressure inside the skull and thus in the brain tissue and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Intussusception	Intussusception is a medical condition in which a part of the intestine folds into the section immediately ahead of it.
Paranoia	Paranoia is an instinct or thought process which is believed to be heavily influenced by anxiety or fear, often to the point of delusion and irrationality.
Extrapyramidal disorder	Movement disorders are clinical syndromes with either an excess of movement or a paucity of voluntary and involuntary movements, unrelated to weakness or spasticity.
Cholelithiasis	A gallstone is a stone formed within the gallbladder out of bile components.
Gastrointestinal haemorrhage	Gastrointestinal bleeding (GI bleed), also known as gastrointestinal hemorrhage, is all forms of bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract, from the mouth to the rectum.
Cholangitis sclerosing	Ascending cholangitis, also known as acute cholangitis or simply cholangitis, is inflammation of the bile duct (cholangitis), usually caused by bacteria ascending from its junction with the duodenum (first part of the small intestine).
Papilloedema	Papilledema or papilloedema is optic disc swelling that is caused by increased intracranial pressure due to any cause.
Orchitis	Orchitis is inflammation of the testes.
Dystonia	Dystonia is a neurological movement disorder syndrome in which sustained or repetitive muscle contractions result in twisting and repetitive movements or abnormal fixed postures.
Uterine neoplasm	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Corneal reflex decreased	The corneal reflex, also known as the blink reflex, is an involuntary blinking of the eyelids elicited by stimulation of the cornea (such as by touching or by a foreign body), though could result from any peripheral stimulus.
Gingivitis	Gingivitis is a non-destructive disease that causes inflammation of the gums.
Gout	Gout is a form of inflammatory arthritis characterized by recurrent attacks of a red, tender, hot, and swollen joint.
Bone marrow depression	Bone marrow suppression also known as myelotoxicity or myelosuppression, is the decrease in production of cells responsible for providing immunity (leukocytes), carrying oxygen (erythrocytes), and/or those responsible for normal blood clotting (thrombocytes).
Pseudo lymphoma	"The prefix pseudo- (from Greek ψευδής, pseudes, ""lying, false"") is used to mark something that superficially appears to be (or behaves like) one thing, but is something else."
Hyperkinesia	Hyperkinesia refers to an increase in muscular activity that can result in excessive abnormal movements, excessive normal movements, or a combination of both.
Pelvic pain	Pelvic pain is pain in the area of the pelvis.
Dysarthria	Dysarthria is a motor speech disorder resulting from neurological injury of the motor component of the motor-speech system and is characterized by poor articulation of phonemes.
Hypothyroidism	Hypothyroidism, also called underactive thyroid or low thyroid, is a disorder of the endocrine system in which the thyroid gland does not produce enough thyroid hormone.
Glaucoma	Glaucoma is a group of eye diseases which result in damage to the optic nerve and cause vision loss.
Cushing's syndrome	Cushing's syndrome is a collection of signs and symptoms due to prolonged exposure to glucocorticoids such as cortisol.
Dyskinesia	Dyskinesia refers to a category of movement disorders that are characterized by involuntary muscle movements, including movements similar to tics or chorea and diminished voluntary movements.
Glossitis	Glossitis can mean soreness of the tongue, or more usually inflammation with depapillation of the dorsal surface of the tongue (loss of the lingual papillae), leaving a smooth and erythematous (reddened) surface, (sometimes specifically termed atrophic glossitis).
Placental disorder	A placental disease is any disease, disorder, or pathology of the placenta.Ischemic placental disease leads to the attachment of the placenta to the uterine wall to become under-perfused, causing uteroplacental ischemia.
Enterocolitis haemorrhagic	Enterocolitis  is an inflammation of the digestive tract, involving enteritis of the small intestine and colitis of the colon.
Loss of consciousness	Unconsciousness is a state which occurs when the ability to maintain an awareness of self and environment is lost.
Erythema	Erythema (from the Greek erythros, meaning red) is redness of the skin or mucous membranes, caused by hyperemia (increased blood flow) in superficial capillaries.
Eye movement disorder	Eye movement includes the voluntary or involuntary movement of the eyes, helping in acquiring, fixating and tracking visual stimuli.
Subdural haematoma	A subdural hematoma (SDH) is a type of bleeding in which a collection of blood—usually associated with a traumatic brain injury—gathers between the inner layer of the dura mater and the arachnoid mater of the meninges surrounding the brain.
Difficulty in walking	Gait abnormality is a deviation from normal walking (gait).
Fall	Autumn, also known as fall in North American English, is one of the four temperate seasons.
Anaphylactic reaction	Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death.
Neonatal apnoeic attack	Neonatal apnoeic attack
Respiratory disorder	Respiratory disease, or lung disease, is a medical term that encompasses pathological conditions affecting the organs and tissues that make gas exchange difficult in air-breathing animals.
Polymyositis	Polymyositis (PM) is a type of chronic inflammation of the muscles (inflammatory myopathy) related to dermatomyositis and inclusion body myositis.
High-pitched crying	High-pitched crying
Injection site erythema	Injection site erythema
Collapse of lung	Collapse of lung
Crohn's disease	Crohn's disease is a type of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) that may affect any segment of the gastrointestinal tract from the mouth to the anus.
Abasia	Abasia (from Greek: a-, without and basis, step) is the inability to walk owing to impairment in motor coordination.
Demyelination	A demyelinating disease is any disease of the nervous system in which the myelin sheath of neurons is damaged.
Arachnoiditis	Arachnoiditis is an inflammatory condition of the arachnoid mater or 'arachnoid', one of the membranes known as meninges that surround and protect the nerves of the central nervous system, including the brain and spinal cord.
Polyarthritis	Polyarthritis is any type of arthritis that involves 5 or more joints simultaneously.
Inflammation	Inflammation (from Latin: inflammatio) is part of the complex biological response of body tissues to harmful stimuli, such as pathogens, damaged cells, or irritants, and is a protective response involving immune cells, blood vessels, and molecular mediators.
Joint effusion	A joint effusion is the presence of increased intra-articular fluid.
Irritability	Irritability is the excitatory ability that living organisms have to respond to changes in their environment.
Autoantibody positive	An autoantibody is an antibody (a type of protein) produced by the immune system that is directed against one or more of the individual's own proteins.
Fasciitis	Fasciitis is an inflammation of the fascia, which is the connective tissue surrounding muscles, blood vessels and nerves.
Accident	An accident is an unplanned event that sometimes has convenient or undesirable consequences, other times being inconsequential.
Haemoptysis	Hemoptysis is the coughing up of blood or blood-stained mucus from the bronchi, larynx, trachea, or lungs.
Antinuclear antibody positive	Antinuclear antibodies (ANAs, also known as antinuclear factor or ANF) are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus.
Aggression	Aggression is overt or covert, often harmful, social interaction with the intention of inflicting damage or other unpleasantness upon another individual.
Dermatitis allergic	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Pollakiuria	Frequent urination is the need to urinate more often than usual.
Strabismus	Strabismus is a condition in which the eyes do not properly align with each other when looking at an object.
Anaphylactic shock	Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death.
Hypoacusis	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Abnormal behaviour	Abnormality (or dysfunctional behavior) is a behavioral characteristic assigned to those with conditions regarded as rare or dysfunctional.
Petit mal epilepsy	Absence seizures are one of several kinds of generalized seizures.
Balance disorder	A balance disorder is a disturbance that causes an individual to feel unsteady, for example when standing or walking.
Anisocytosis	Anisocytosis is a medical term meaning that a patient's red blood cells are of unequal size.
Interstitial lung disease	Interstitial lung disease (ILD), or diffuse parenchymal lung disease (DPLD), is a group of lung diseases affecting the interstitium (the tissue and space around the alveoli (air sacs of the lungs).
Tinnitus	Tinnitus is the hearing of sound when no external sound is present.
Nervous system disorder	Nervous system diseases, also known as nervous system or neurological disorders, refers to a small class of medical conditions affecting the nervous system.
Respiratory distress	Shortness of breath, also known as dyspnea (pronounced in medical English as /dɪspˈniːə/ disp-NEE-ə, with a vocalized P), is the feeling that one cannot breathe well enough.
Lymphocytosis	Lymphocytosis is an increase in the number or proportion of lymphocytes in the blood.
Myelitis transverse	Myelitis is inflammation of the spinal cord which can disrupt the normal responses from the brain to the rest of the body, and from the rest of the body to the brain.
Eyelid oedema	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Spleen disorder	The spleen is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates.
Antigonadotrophins present	Antigonadotrophins present
Disturbance in attention	Disturbance in attention
Abdominal pain upper	Abdominal pain, also known as a stomach ache, is a symptom associated with both non-serious and serious medical issues.
Decreased appetite	Anorexia is a decreased appetite.
Fatigue	Fatigue is a subjective feeling of tiredness.
Disorientation	Orientation is a function of the mind involving awareness of three dimensions: time, place and person.
Dry mouth	Xerostomia, also known as dry mouth, is dryness in the mouth, which may be associated with a change in the composition of saliva, or reduced salivary flow, or have no identifiable cause.
Neutropenia	Neutropenia is an abnormally low concentration of neutrophils (a type of white blood cell) in the blood.
Feeling cold	Cold sensitivity or cold intolerance is unusual discomfort felt by some people when in a cool environment.
Flushing	Flushing
Iritis	Uveitis is the inflammation of the uvea, the pigmented layer that lies between the inner retina and the outer fibrous layer composed of the sclera and cornea.
Feeling hot	Feeling is the nominalization of the verb to feel.
Haematoma	A hematoma (US spelling) or haematoma (UK spelling) is a localized bleeding outside of blood vessels, due to either disease or trauma including injury or surgery and may involve blood continuing to seep from broken capillaries.
Dermatitis	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Feeding disorder neonatal	A feeding disorder, in infancy or early childhood, is a child's refusal to eat certain food groups, textures, solids or liquids for a period of at least one month, which causes the child to not gain enough weight, grow naturally or cause any developmental delays.
Influenza like illness	Influenza like illness
Alveolitis	Hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HP) is an inflammation of the alveoli (airspaces) within the lung caused by hypersensitivity to inhaled organic dusts.
Fontanelle bulging	A fontanelle (or fontanel) (colloquially, soft spot) is an anatomical feature of the infant human skull comprising any of the soft membranous gaps (sutures) between the cranial bones that make up the calvaria of a fetus or an infant.
Capillary disorder	A capillary is a small blood vessel from 5 to 10 micrometres (µm) in diameter, and having a wall one endothelial cell thick.
Cardio-respiratory arrest	Cardio-respiratory arrest
Muscular weakness	Weakness is a symptom of a number of different conditions.
Lymphadenitis	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size or consistency.
Atrial flutter	Atrial flutter (AFL) is a common abnormal heart rhythm that starts in the atrial chambers of the heart.
Epilepsy	Epilepsy is a group of neurological disorders characterized by recurrent epileptic seizures.
Lethargy	Lethargy is a state of tiredness, weariness, fatigue, or lack of energy.
Chest discomfort	Chest pain is discomfort, typically in the front of the chest.
Blood cholinesterase decreased	Blood cholinesterase decreased
Carbon dioxide increased	Carbon dioxide (chemical formula CO2) is a colorless gas with a density about 60% higher than that of dry air.
Mouth ulceration	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Blood pressure increased	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis	Cutaneous small-vessel vasculitis (CSVV), also known as hypersensitivity vasculitis, cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis, hypersensitivity angiitis, cutaneous leukocytoclastic angiitis, cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis and cutaneous necrotizing venulitis, is inflammation of small blood vessels (usually post-capillary venules in the dermis), characterized by palpable purpura.
Hepatic enzyme abnormal	Hepatic enzyme abnormal
Atrial fibrillation	Atrial fibrillation (AF or A-fib) is an abnormal heart rhythm characterized by rapid and irregular beating of the atrial chambers of the heart.
Aspiration	In medicine, devices are sometimes necessary to create suction.
Pharyngeal oedema	Pharyngeal oedema
Abdominal discomfort	Abdominal pain, also known as a stomach ache, is a symptom associated with both non-serious and serious medical issues.
Abortion spontaneous	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Pulmonary oedema	Pulmonary edema is fluid accumulation in the tissue and air spaces of the lungs.
Convulsions local	A convulsion is a medical condition where body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly, resulting in uncontrolled actions of the body.
Restlessness	Restlessness
Cold sweat	Perspiration, also known as sweating, is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals.Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: eccrine glands and apocrine glands.
Bronchospasm	Bronchospasm or a bronchial spasm is a sudden constriction of the muscles in the walls of the bronchioles.
Allergic granulomatous angiitis	Vasculitis is a group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation.
Blood fibrinogen increased	Blood fibrinogen increased
Antisocial behaviour	Anti-social behaviours are actions that harm or lack consideration for the well-being of others.
Blood bilirubin increased	Blood bilirubin increased
Hemiparesis	"Hemiparesis, or unilateral paresis, is weakness of one entire side of the body (hemi- means ""half"")."
Circulatory collapse	A circulatory collapse is defined as a general or specific failure of the circulation, either cardiac or peripheral in nature.
Intra-uterine death	Intra-uterine death
Cardiac disorder	Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a class of diseases that involve the heart or blood vessels.
Cyst	A cyst is a closed sac, having a distinct membrane and division compared with the nearby tissue.
Cerebral palsy	Cerebral palsy (CP) is a group of permanent movement disorders that appear in early childhood.
Peroneal nerve palsy	The common fibular nerve (common peroneal nerve; external popliteal nerve; lateral popliteal nerve) is a nerve in the lower leg that provides sensation over the posterolateral part of the leg and the knee joint.
Skin atrophy	"Atrophoderma refers to conditions involving skin atrophy.Types include:

Follicular atrophoderma
Linear atrophoderma of Moulin
Atrophoderma of Pasini and Pierini"
Blood lactic acid increased	Blood lactic acid increased
Neuropathy peripheral	Peripheral neuropathy, often shortened to neuropathy, is a general term describing disease affecting the peripheral nerves, meaning nerves beyond the brain and spinal cord.
Epididymitis	Epididymitis is a medical condition characterized by inflammation of the epididymis, a curved structure at the back of the testicle.
Bone development abnormal	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Agranulocytosis	Agranulocytosis, also known as agranulosis or granulopenia, is an acute condition involving a severe and dangerous leukopenia (lowered white blood cell count), most commonly of neutrophils, and thus causing a neutropenia in the circulating blood.
Pulmonary embolism	Pulmonary embolism (PE) is a blockage of an artery in the lungs by a substance that has moved from elsewhere in the body through the bloodstream (embolism).
Platelet count decreased	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Retinal deposits	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Acanthosis	Acanthosis is diffuse epidermal hyperplasia (thickening of the skin).
Tachycardia	Tachycardia, also called tachyarrhythmia, is a heart rate that exceeds the normal resting rate.
Anaemia haemolytic autoimmune	Anaemia haemolytic autoimmune
Blood calcium increased	Calcium ions (Ca2+) contribute to the physiology and biochemistry of organisms and the cell.
Anaemia megaloblastic	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Amyloidosis	Amyloidosis is a group of diseases in which abnormal proteins, known as amyloid fibrils, build up in tissue.
Blood pressure decreased	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Activated partial thromboplastin time prolonged	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Injection site swelling	Injection site swelling
Platelet count increased	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Audiogram abnormal	An audiogram is a graph that shows the audible threshold for standardized frequencies as measured by an audiometer.
Bradypnoea	Bradypnoea
Anosmia	Anosmia is the inability to perceive odor or a lack of functioning olfaction—the loss of the sense of smell.
Enteritis	Enteritis is inflammation of the small intestine.
Scrotal oedema	The scrotum is an anatomical male reproductive structure that consists of a suspended dual-chambered sack of skin and smooth muscle that is present in most terrestrial male mammals and located under the penis.
Nerve injury	Nerve injury is injury to nervous tissue.
Henoch-Schonlein purpura	Henoch–Schönlein purpura (HSP), also known as IgA vasculitis, is a disease of the skin, mucous membranes, and sometimes other organs that most commonly affects children.
Endocrine disorder	Endocrine diseases are disorders of the endocrine system.
Dry eye	Dry eye syndrome (DES), also known as keratoconjunctivitis sicca (KCS), is the condition of having dry eyes.
Diffuse vasculitis	Diffusion is net movement of anything (e.g., atom, ions, molecules) from a region of higher concentration to a region of lower concentration.
Gastric haemorrhage	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Conversion disorder	Conversion disorder (CD), or functional neurologic symptom disorder, is a diagnostic category used in some psychiatric classification systems.
Adrenocortical insufficiency chronic	Adrenal insufficiency is a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce adequate amounts of steroid hormones, primarily cortisol; but may also include impaired production of aldosterone (a mineralocorticoid), which regulates sodium conservation, potassium secretion, and water retention.
Neurological symptom	"Neurology (from Greek: νεῦρον (neûron), ""string, nerve"" and the suffix -logia, ""study of"") is a branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the nervous system."
Alopecia areata	Alopecia areata, also known as spot baldness, is a condition in which hair is lost from some or all areas of the body.
Alveolitis fibrosing	Hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HP) is an inflammation of the alveoli (airspaces) within the lung caused by hypersensitivity to inhaled organic dusts.
Dysphemia	Stuttering, also known as stammering, is a speech disorder in which the flow of speech is disrupted by involuntary repetitions and prolongations of sounds, syllables, words or phrases as well as involuntary silent pauses or blocks in which the person who stutters is unable to produce sounds.
Brain neoplasm	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Gianotti-Crosti syndrome	Gianotti–Crosti syndrome (), also known as infantile papular acrodermatitis, papular acrodermatitis of childhood, and papulovesicular acrolocated syndrome, is a reaction of the skin to a viral infection.
Dysphonia	A hoarse voice, also known as dysphonia, is when the voice involuntarily sounds breathy, raspy, or strained, or is softer in volume or lower in pitch.
Exophthalmos	Exophthalmos (also called exophthalmus, exophthalmia, proptosis, or exorbitism) is a bulging of the eye anteriorly out of the orbit.
Carpal tunnel syndrome	Carpal tunnel syndrome (CTS) is a medical condition due to compression of the median nerve as it travels through the wrist at the carpal tunnel.
Chest X-ray abnormal	A chest radiograph, called a chest X-ray (CXR), or  chest film, is a projection radiograph of the chest used to diagnose conditions affecting the chest, its contents, and nearby structures.
Blood glucose increased	The blood sugar level, blood sugar concentration, or blood glucose level is the concentration of glucose present in the blood of humans and other animals.
Periorbital oedema	The periorbita is the area around the orbit.
Contusion	A bruise, also known as a contusion, is a type of hematoma of tissue, the most common cause being capillaries damaged by trauma, causing localized bleeding that extravasate into the surrounding interstitial tissues.
Neurodevelopmental disorder	Neurodevelopmental disorders are a group of disorders which affect the development of the nervous system, leading to abnormal brain function which may affect emotion, learning ability, self-control, and memory.
Kawasaki's disease	Kawasaki disease, also known as mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome, is a disease in which blood vessels throughout the body become inflamed.
Pleurisy	Pleurisy, also known as pleuritis, is inflammation of the membranes that surround the lungs and line the chest cavity (pleurae).
Eye swelling	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Leukaemia	Leukemia, also spelled leukaemia, is a group of blood cancers that usually begin in the bone marrow and result in high numbers of abnormal blood cells.
Blood gases abnormal	An arterial-blood gas (ABG) test measures the amounts of arterial gases, such as oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Necrosis	"Necrosis (from the Greek νέκρωσις ""death, the stage of dying, the act of killing"" from νεκρός ""dead"") is a form of cell injury which results in the premature death of cells in living tissue by autolysis.Necrosis is caused by factors external to the cell or tissue, such as infection, toxins, or trauma which result in the unregulated digestion of cell components."
Aphonia	Aphonia is defined as the inability to produce voiced sound.
Cutaneous lupus erythematosus	Lupus erythematosus is a collection of autoimmune diseases in which the human immune system becomes hyperactive and attacks healthy tissues.
Joint range of motion decreased	Joint range of motion decreased
Body temperature increased	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Muscle disorder	Musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) are injuries or pain in the human musculoskeletal system, including the joints, ligaments, muscles, nerves, tendons, and structures that support limbs, neck and back.
Blood thyroid stimulating hormone increased	Blood thyroid stimulating hormone increased
Platelet disorder	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Akathisia	Akathisia is a movement disorder characterized by a feeling of inner restlessness and inability to stay still.
Extravasation blood	Extravasation is the leakage of a fluid out of its container.
Tension	Tension
Psychomotor hyperactivity	Psychomotor learning is the relationship between cognitive functions and physical movement.
Enterocolitis	Enterocolitis  is an inflammation of the digestive tract, involving enteritis of the small intestine and colitis of the colon.
Haematocrit decreased	The hematocrit () (Ht or HCT), also known by several other names, is a blood test that measures the volume percentage (vol%) of red blood cells (RBC) in blood.
Drug toxicity	An adverse drug reaction (ADR) is an injury caused by taking medication.
Albumin globulin ratio abnormal	Albumin globulin ratio abnormal
Meningitis aseptic	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Hepatic encephalopathy	Hepatic encephalopathy (HE) is an altered level of consciousness as a result of liver failure.
Feeling abnormal	Feeling is the nominalization of the verb to feel.
Corneal scar	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Tonsillitis	Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils, typically of rapid onset.
Clumsiness	Accident-proneness, is the idea that some people have a greater predisposition than others to suffer accidents, such as car crashes and industrial injuries.
Renal vasculitis	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Blister	A blister is a small pocket of body fluid (lymph, serum, plasma, blood, or pus) within the upper layers of the skin, typically caused by forceful rubbing (friction), burning, freezing, chemical exposure or infection.
Coombs negative haemolytic anaemia	Coombs negative haemolytic anaemia
Labyrinthitis	Labyrinthitis, also known as vestibular neuritis, is the inflammation of the inner ear.
Fibromyalgia	Fibromyalgia (FM) is a medical condition characterized by chronic widespread pain and a heightened pain response to pressure.
Blood calcium decreased	Calcium ions (Ca2+) contribute to the physiology and biochemistry of organisms and the cell.
Miosis	Miosis or myosis is excessive constriction of the pupil.
Cardiac failure congestive	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Hodgkin's disease	Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) is a type of lymphoma in which cancer originates from a specific type of white blood cells called lymphocytes.
Multiple congenital abnormalities	Multiple congenital abnormalities
Diarrhoea haemorrhagic	Diarrhea, also spelled diarrhoea, is the condition of having at least three loose, liquid, or watery bowel movements each day.
Pain in extremity	Pain in extremity
Apraxia	Apraxia is a motor disorder caused by damage to the brain (specifically the posterior parietal cortex) in which the individual has difficulty with the motor planning to perform tasks or movements when asked, provided that the request or command is understood and the individual is willing to perform the task.
Hypogonadism male	Hypogonadism means diminished functional activity of the gonads—the testes or the ovaries—that may result in diminished production of sex hormones.
Supraventricular tachycardia	Supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) is an abnormally fast heart rhythm arising from improper electrical activity in the upper part of the heart.
Vitiligo	Vitiligo is a long-term skin condition characterized by patches of the skin losing their pigment.
Infantile spasms	Epileptic spasms, is an uncommon-to-rare epileptic disorder in infants, children and adults.
Choluria	Choluria is the presence of bile in urine.
Alexia	Alexia
Injection site haemorrhage	Injection site haemorrhage
Arterial thrombosis limb	"Thrombosis (from Ancient Greek θρόμβωσις thrómbōsis ""clotting”) is the formation of a blood clot inside a blood vessel, obstructing the flow of blood through the circulatory system."
Stridor	"Stridor (Latin for ""creaking or grating noise"") is a high-pitched  breath sound resulting from turbulent air flow in the larynx or lower in the bronchial tree."
Blood iron decreased	Blood iron decreased
Vision blurred	Vision blurred
Cognitive disorder	Cognitive disorders (CDs), also known as neurocognitive disorders (NCDs), are a category of mental health disorders that primarily affect cognitive abilities including learning, memory, perception, and problem solving.
Facial dysmorphism	A dysmorphic feature is a difference of body structure.
Blood potassium increased	Reference ranges for blood tests are sets of values used by a health professional to interpret a set of medical test results from blood samples.
Blood urine	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Ear pain	Ear pain, also known as earache, is pain in the ear.
Myoclonus	Myoclonus is a brief, involuntary, irregular (lacking rhythm) twitching (different from clonus, which is rhythmic/ regular) of a muscle or a group of muscles.
Hyperthermia	Hyperthermia, also known simply as overheating is a condition where an individual's body temperature is elevated beyond normal due to failed thermoregulation.
Grunting	Grunting
Balanitis	Balanitis is inflammation of the glans penis.
Complement factor abnormal	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Injection site induration	Injection site induration
Gingival pain	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Fungal infection	Mycosis is a fungal infection of animals, including humans.
Hearing impaired	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Hypoglycaemic coma	Hypoglycemia, also known as low blood sugar, is when blood sugar decreases to below normal levels.
Bulbar palsy	Bulbar palsy refers to a range of different signs and symptoms linked to impairment of function of the cranial nerves 9, 10, 11, 12, which occurs due to a lower motor neuron lesion in the medulla oblongata or from lesions of the lower cranial nerves outside the brainstem.
Meniere's disease	Ménière's disease (MD) is a disorder of the inner ear that is characterized by episodes of feeling like the world is spinning (vertigo), ringing in the ears (tinnitus), hearing loss, and a fullness in the ear.
Blood cholesterol increased	Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, either free or bound to other molecules.
Nasopharyngitis	The common cold, also known simply as a cold, is a viral infectious disease of the upper respiratory tract that primarily affects the nose.
Dermatitis atopic	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Pulmonary congestion	Pulmonary edema is fluid accumulation in the tissue and air spaces of the lungs.
Injection site infection	Injection site infection
Fallot's tetralogy	Tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) is a type of heart defect present at birth.
Hyperkeratosis	Hyperkeratosis is thickening of the stratum corneum (the outermost layer of the epidermis), often associated with the presence of an abnormal quantity of keratin, and also usually accompanied by an increase in the granular layer.
Superinfection	A superinfection is a second infection superimposed on an earlier one, especially by a different microbial agent of exogenous or endogenous origin, that is resistant to the treatment being used against the first infection.
Dementia	Dementia is a broad category of brain diseases that cause a long-term and often gradual decrease in the ability to think and remember that is severe enough to affect a person's daily functioning.
Pharyngolaryngeal pain	Pharyngolaryngeal pain
Automatism epileptic	Automatism refers to a set of brief unconscious behaviors.
Arthritis bacterial	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Adenocarcinoma	Adenocarcinoma (; plural adenocarcinomas or adenocarcinomata ) is a type of cancerous tumor that can occur in several parts of the body.
Liver function test abnormal	Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs), also referred to as a hepatic panel, are groups of blood tests that provide information about the state of a patient's liver.
Immunoglobulins decreased	An antibody (Ab), also known as an immunoglobulin (Ig), is a large, Y-shaped protein produced mainly by plasma cells that is used by the immune system to neutralize pathogens such as pathogenic bacteria and viruses.
Erectile dysfunction	Erectile dysfunction (ED), also known as impotence, is a type of sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop or maintain an erection of the penis during sexual activity.
Cerebral haematoma	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Nervousness	Nervousness
Bronchial obstruction	Airway obstruction is a blockage of respiration in the airway.
Weight decreased	In science and engineering, the weight of an object is related to the force acting on the object, either due to gravity or to a reaction force that holds it in place.Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object.
Cleft palate	Cleft lip and cleft palate, also known as orofacial cleft, is a group of conditions that includes cleft lip (CL), cleft palate (CP), and both together (CLP).
Abscess drainage	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Haemolytic uraemic syndrome	Hemolytic–uremic syndrome (HUS) is a group of blood disorders characterized by low red blood cells, acute kidney failure, and low platelets.
Formication	Formication is the sensation that resembles that of small insects crawling on (or under) the skin.
Iridocyclitis	Uveitis is the inflammation of the uvea, the pigmented layer that lies between the inner retina and the outer fibrous layer composed of the sclera and cornea.
Lymphoma	Lymphoma is a group of blood cancers that develop from lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell).
Adrenal disorder	Adrenal gland disorders (or diseases) are conditions that interfere with the normal functioning of the adrenal glands.
Cerebral atrophy	Cerebral atrophy is a common feature of many of the diseases that affect the brain.
Abortion missed	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Hemianopia	Hemianopsia, or hemianopia, is a less vision or blindness (anopsia) in half the visual field, usually on one side of the vertical midline.
Anger	The emotion anger, also known as wrath or rage, is an intense emotional state.
Hydronephrosis	Hydronephrosis describes urine-filled dilation of the renal pelvis and/or calyces as a result of obstruction.
Extrasystoles	Extrasystoles
Eye irritation	Irritation, in biology and physiology, is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy or cell-lining damage.
Discomfort	Comfort (or being comfortable) is a sense of physical or psychological ease, often characterized as a lack of hardship.
Reiter's syndrome	Reactive arthritis, formerly known as Reiter's syndrome, is a form of inflammatory arthritis that develops in response to an infection in another part of the body (cross-reactivity).
Erythema induratum	Erythema induratum is a panniculitis on the calves.
White blood cell count decreased	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Hepatosplenomegaly	Hepatosplenomegaly (commonly abbreviated HSM) is the simultaneous enlargement of both the liver (hepatomegaly) and the spleen (splenomegaly).
Tendonitis	Tendinopathy, also known as tendinitis or tendonitis, is a type of tendon disorder that results in pain, swelling, and impaired function.
Chromaturia	Chromaturia
Pancreatitis acute	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Hyperpyrexia	Fever, also known as pyrexia and febrile response, is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body's temperature set point.
Calculus ureteric	"Calculus, originally called infinitesimal calculus or ""the calculus of infinitesimals"", is the mathematical study of continuous change, in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations."
Injection site urticaria	Injection site urticaria
Joint swelling	A joint effusion is the presence of increased intra-articular fluid.
Blood electrolytes increased	Blood electrolytes increased
Respiratory arrest	Respiratory arrest is caused by apnea (cessation of breathing) or respiratory dysfunction severe enough it will not sustain the body (such as agonal breathing).
Erysipelas	Erysipelas is an  infection typically with a skin rash, usually on any of the legs and toes, face, arms, and fingers.
Eye inflammation	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Cholecystitis	Cholecystitis is inflammation of the gallbladder.
Hyperacusis	Hyperacusis  is a highly debilitating hearing disorder characterized by an increased sensitivity to certain frequencies and volume ranges of sound (a collapsed tolerance to usual environmental sound).
Deep vein thrombosis	Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is the formation of a blood clot in a deep vein, most commonly the legs.
Carditis	Carditis (pl.
Injection site necrosis	Injection site necrosis
Congenital brain damage	Congenital brain damage
Peritonitis	Peritonitis is inflammation of the peritoneum, the lining of the inner wall of the abdomen and cover of the abdominal organs.
Injection site abscess sterile	Injection site abscess sterile
Screaming	A scream is a loud vocalization in which air is passed through the vocal folds with greater force than is used in regular or close-distance vocalisation.
Hypercapnia	"Hypercapnia (from the Greek hyper = ""above"" or ""too much"" and kapnos = ""smoke""), also known as hypercarbia and CO2 retention, is a condition of abnormally elevated carbon dioxide (CO2) levels in the blood."
Talipes	Talipes
Renal impairment	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Croup infectious	Croup, also known as laryngotracheobronchitis, is a type of respiratory infection that is usually caused by a virus.
Eye oedema	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Patent ductus arteriosus	Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is a medical condition in which the ductus arteriosus fails to close after birth: this allows a portion of oxygenated blood from the left heart to flow back to the lungs by flowing from the aorta, which has a higher pressure, to the pulmonary artery.
Heart disease congenital	Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a class of diseases that involve the heart or blood vessels.
Blood glucose decreased	The blood sugar level, blood sugar concentration, or blood glucose level is the concentration of glucose present in the blood of humans and other animals.
Wheezing	A wheeze is a continuous, coarse, whistling sound produced in the respiratory airways during breathing.
Drooling	Drooling, or slobbering, is the flow of saliva outside the mouth.
Arteriosclerosis	Arteriosclerosis is the thickening, hardening, and loss of elasticity of the walls of arteries.
Breath holding	Apnea is the cessation of breathing.
Paresis	Paresis () is a condition typified by a weakness of voluntary movement, or partial loss of voluntary movement or by impaired movement.
Musculoskeletal stiffness	The human musculoskeletal system (also known as the locomotor system, and previously the activity system) is an organ system that gives humans the ability to move using their muscular and skeletal systems.
Anaemia macrocytic	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Blood sodium decreased	Blood sodium decreased
Syncope vasovagal	Syncope, also known as fainting, is a loss of consciousness and muscle strength characterized by a fast onset, short duration, and spontaneous recovery.
Dermatitis contact	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Agitation neonatal	Agitation neonatal
Conjunctival haemorrhage	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Amaurosis	Amaurosis (Greek meaning darkening, dark, or obscure) is vision loss or weakness that occurs without an apparent lesion affecting the eye.
Gastrooesophageal reflux disease	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), also known as acid reflux, is a long-term condition in which stomach contents rise up into the esophagus, resulting in either symptoms or complications.
Tenderness	In medicine, tenderness is pain or discomfort when an affected area is touched.
Cardiac fibrillation	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Heart rate increased	Heart rate is the speed of the heartbeat measured by the number of contractions (beats) of the heart per minute (bpm).
Hallucination, visual	Hallucination, visual
Rash macular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Sjogren's syndrome	Sjögren syndrome (SjS, SS) is a long-term autoimmune disease that affects the body's moisture-producing glands.
Melaena	Melena or melaena refers to the dark black, tarry feces that are associated with upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
Adrenal insufficiency	Adrenal insufficiency is a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce adequate amounts of steroid hormones, primarily cortisol; but may also include impaired production of aldosterone (a mineralocorticoid), which regulates sodium conservation, potassium secretion, and water retention.
Oral intake reduced	Oral intake reduced
Cardiac valve disease	Valvular heart disease is any cardiovascular disease process involving one or more of the four valves of the heart (the aortic and bicuspid valves on the left side of heart and the pulmonary and tricuspid valves on the right side of heart).
Eye discharge	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Thrombosis	"Thrombosis (from Ancient Greek θρόμβωσις thrómbōsis ""clotting”) is the formation of a blood clot inside a blood vessel, obstructing the flow of blood through the circulatory system."
Dry skin	Xeroderma, xerosis or xerosis cutis is a skin condition characterized by excessively dry skin.
Cystitis haemorrhagic	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Hypertrophy	"Hypertrophy (, from Greek ὑπέρ ""excess"" + τροφή ""nourishment"") is the increase in the volume of an organ or tissue due to the enlargement of its component cells."
Haemoglobinuria	Hemoglobinuria is a condition in which the oxygen transport protein hemoglobin is found in abnormally high concentrations in the urine.
Suicide attempt	A suicide attempt is an attempt where a person tries to die by suicide but survives.
Choking	Choking occurs when an object becomes stuck in the throat or the windpipe and blocks air from flowing into the lungs.
Haemoglobin decreased	Hemoglobin (American English) or haemoglobin (British English) (), abbreviated Hb or Hgb, is the iron-containing oxygen-transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells (erythrocytes) of almost all vertebrates (the exception being the fish family Channichthyidae) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates.
Shock	Shock
Haematochezia	Hematochezia is the passage of fresh blood through the anus, usually in or with stools (contrast with melena).
Acute respiratory distress syndrome	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a type of respiratory failure characterized by rapid onset of widespread inflammation in the lungs.
Faeces discoloured	Feces (or faeces) are the solid or semisolid remains of food that could not be digested in the small intestine.
Polyneuropathy	Polyneuropathy (poly- + neuro- + -pathy) is damage or disease affecting peripheral nerves (peripheral neuropathy) in roughly the same areas on both sides of the body, featuring weakness, numbness, and burning pain.
Throat tightness	In vertebrate anatomy, the throat is the front part of the neck, positioned in front of the vertebra.
Injection site nodule	Injection site nodule
Uterine haemorrhage	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Renal failure	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Biliary cirrhosis	Primary biliary cholangitis (PBC), previously known as primary biliary cirrhosis, is an autoimmune disease of the liver.
Heart rate irregular	Heart rate is the speed of the heartbeat measured by the number of contractions (beats) of the heart per minute (bpm).
Dermographism	Dermatographic urticaria is a skin disorder and one of the most common types of urticaria, affecting 2–5% of the population.
Thrombocythaemia	Thrombocythemia is the presence of high platelet (thrombocyte) counts in the blood, and can be either primary (also termed essential thrombocythemia, and caused by a myeloproliferative disease) or secondary (also termed reactive).
Pancytopenia	Pancytopenia is a medical condition in which there is a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells, as well as platelets.
Medication error	"A medical error is a preventable adverse effect of care (""iatrogenesis""), whether or not it is evident or harmful to the patient."
Hyperaemia	Hyperemia is the increase of blood flow to different tissues in the body.
Genital discharge	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Bronchitis acute	Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi (large and medium-sized airways) in the lungs that causes coughing.
Blood disorder	Hematologic diseases are disorders which primarily affect the blood & blood-forming organs.
Tongue oedema	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Retinal detachment	Retinal detachment is a disorder of the eye in which the retina separates from the layer underneath.
Blood acid phosphatase increased	Blood acid phosphatase increased
Panniculitis	Panniculitis is a group of diseases whose hallmark is inflammation of subcutaneous adipose tissue (the fatty layer under the skin – panniculus adiposus).
Hepatic steatosis	Fatty liver disease (FLD), also known as hepatic steatosis, is a condition where excess fat builds up in the liver.
Lipase increased	A lipase (, ) is any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of fats (lipids).
Emotional disorder	Emotional and behavioral disorders (EBD; also known as behavioral and emotional disorders (ICD-10); refer to a disability classification used in educational settings that allows educational institutions to provide special education and related services to students who have displayed poor social and/or academic progress.The classification is often given to students after conducting a Functional Behavior Analysis.
Pneumonia aspiration	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Upper respiratory tract infection	An upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) is an illness caused by an acute infection, which involves the upper respiratory tract, including the nose, sinuses, pharynx, or larynx.
Retinal vasculitis	Retinal vasculitis is inflammation of the vascular branches of the retinal artery, caused either by primary ocular disease processes, or as a specific presentation of any systemic form of vasculitis such as Behçet's disease, sarcoidosis, multiple sclerosis, or any form of systemic necrotizing vasculitis such as temporal arteritis, polyarteritis nodosa, and granulomatosis with polyangiitis, or due to lupus erythematosus, or rheumatoid arthritis.
Granulocytopenia	Granulocytes are a category of white blood cells characterized by the presence of granules in their cytoplasm.
Collagen disorder	A connective tissue disease (collagenosis) is any disease that has the connective tissues of the body as a target of pathology.
Electrolyte imbalance	Electrolyte imbalance, or water-electrolyte imbalance, is an abnormality in the concentration of electrolytes in the body.
Peripheral ischaemia	Ischemia or ischaemia is a restriction in blood supply to tissues, causing a shortage of oxygen that is needed for cellular metabolism (to keep tissue alive).
Cow pox	Cowpox is an infectious disease caused by the cowpox virus.
Liver disorder	Liver disease (also called hepatic disease) is a type of damage to or disease of the liver.
Blood uric acid increased	Blood uric acid increased
Basedow's disease	Graves' disease, also known as toxic diffuse goiter, is an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid.
Child maltreatment syndrome	Child abuse or child maltreatment is physical, sexual, and/or psychological maltreatment or neglect of a child or children, especially by a parent or a caregiver.
Prothrombin level decreased	Prothrombin level decreased
Breast cancer	Breast cancer is cancer that develops from breast tissue.
Arterial thrombosis	"Thrombosis (from Ancient Greek θρόμβωσις thrómbōsis ""clotting”) is the formation of a blood clot inside a blood vessel, obstructing the flow of blood through the circulatory system."
Ventricular septal defect	A ventricular septal defect (VSD) is a defect in the ventricular septum, the wall dividing the left and right ventricles of the heart.
Unintended pregnancy	Unintended pregnancies are pregnancies that are mistimed, unplanned or unwanted at the time of conception.Sexual activity without the use of effective contraception through choice or coercion is the predominant cause of unintended pregnancy.
Polymyalgia rheumatica	Polymyalgia rheumatica (PMR) is a syndrome with pain or stiffness, usually in the neck, shoulders, upper arms, and hips, but which may occur all over the body.
Folliculitis	Folliculitis is the infection and inflammation of one or more hair follicles.
Dry throat	Dryness is a medical condition in which there is local or more generalized decrease in normal lubrication of the skin or mucous membranes.
Vestibular disorder	A balance disorder is a disturbance that causes an individual to feel unsteady, for example when standing or walking.
Nasal congestion	Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels.Nasal decongestants target the discomfort directly.
Vertigo	Vertigo is a symptom where a person feels as if they or the objects around them are moving when they are not.
Injection site rash	Injection site rash
Micturition disorder	Urination is the release of urine from the urinary bladder through the urethra to the outside of the body.
Rash erythematous	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Alcohol poisoning	Alcohol intoxication, also known as drunkenness or alcohol poisoning, is the negative behavior and physical effects due to the recent drinking of ethanol (alcohol).
Ovarian cancer	Ovarian cancer is a cancer that forms in or on an ovary.
Adenoma benign	An adenoma is a benign tumor of epithelial tissue with glandular origin, glandular characteristics, or both.
Anoxia	Hypoxia is a condition in which the body or a region of the body is deprived of adequate oxygen supply at the tissue level.
Swelling face	Swelling is a transient abnormal enlargement of a body part or area caused not by neoplasm (proliferation of cells) but by accumulation of interstitial fluid (fluid in tissues).
Blood sodium increased	Blood sodium increased
Body temperature decreased	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Pemphigoid	Pemphigoid is a group of rare autoimmune blistering skin diseases.
Accidental overdose	A drug overdose (or simply overdose or OD) is the ingestion or application of a drug or other substance in quantities greater than are recommended.
Stevens-Johnson syndrome	Stevens–Johnson syndrome (SJS) is a type of severe skin reaction.
Joint stiffness	Joint stiffness may be either the symptom of pain on moving a joint, the symptom of loss of range of motion or the physical sign of reduced range of motion.
Cerebral venous thrombosis	Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) is the presence of a blood clot in the dural venous sinuses, which drain blood from the brain.
Aura	Aura
Coagulation time prolonged	Coagulation time prolonged
Budd-Chiari syndrome	Budd–Chiari syndrome is a very rare condition, affecting one in a million adults.
Haemothorax	A hemothorax (derived from hemo- [blood] + thorax [chest], plural hemothoraces) is an accumulation of blood within the pleural cavity.
Blood electrolytes abnormal	Blood electrolytes abnormal
Abnormal sleep-related event	Abnormal sleep-related event
Rash vesicular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Parotid gland enlargement	The parotid gland is a major salivary gland in many animals.
Hepatic enzyme increased	Hepatic enzyme increased
Atrial septal defect	Atrial septal defect (ASD) is a congenital heart defect in which blood flows between the atria (upper chambers) of the heart.
Blood test abnormal	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Prostatic disorder	On either side of the urethral crest is a slightly depressed fossa, the prostatic sinus, the floor of which is perforated by numerous apertures, the orifices of the prostatic ducts from the lateral lobes of the prostate.
Laryngeal oedema	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Fibrin increased	Fibrin (also called Factor Ia) is a fibrous, non-globular protein involved in the clotting of blood.
Lobar pneumonia	Lobar pneumonia is a form of pneumonia characterized by inflammatory exudate within the intra-alveolar space resulting in consolidation that affects a large and continuous area of the lobe of a lung.It is one of the two anatomic classifications of pneumonia (the other being bronchopneumonia).
Apparent life threatening event	Apparent life threatening event
Appetite disorder	Appetite is the desire to eat food, sometimes due to hunger.
Aneurysm	An aneurysm is an outward bulging, likened to a bubble or balloon, caused by a localized, abnormal, weak spot on a blood vessel wall.
Coagulation factor decreased	Coagulation, also known as clotting, is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a blood clot.
Connective tissue disorder	A connective tissue disease (collagenosis) is any disease that has the connective tissues of the body as a target of pathology.
Injection site atrophy	Injection site atrophy
Hyperkalaemia	Hyperkalemia, also spelled hyperkalaemia, is an elevated level of potassium (K+) in the blood serum.
Tuberculosis	Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease usually caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) bacteria.
Osteomyelitis	Osteomyelitis (OM) is an infection of bone.
Blood potassium decreased	Reference ranges for blood tests are sets of values used by a health professional to interpret a set of medical test results from blood samples.
Bacteria urine identified	Bacteria urine identified
Autonomic nervous system imbalance	The autonomic nervous system (ANS), formerly the vegetative nervous system, is a division of the peripheral nervous system that supplies smooth muscle and glands, and thus influences the function of internal organs.
Carotid artery occlusion	"Carotid artery may refer to:

Common carotid artery, often ""carotids"" or ""carotid"", an artery on each side of the neck which divides into the external carotid artery and internal carotid artery
External carotid artery, an artery on each side of the head and neck supplying blood to the face, scalp, skull, neck and meninges
Internal carotid artery, an artery on each side of the head and neck supplying blood to the brain"
Abortion threatened	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Hepatitis A	Hepatitis A is an infectious disease of the liver caused by Hepatovirus A (HAV).
Viral infection	A viral disease (or viral infection or infectious disease), occurs when an organism's body is invaded by pathogenic viruses, and infectious virus particles (virions) attach to and enter susceptible cells.
Haemorrhagic diathesis	In medicine (hematology), bleeding diathesis  is an unusual susceptibility to bleed (hemorrhage) mostly due to hypocoagulability (a condition of irregular and slow blood clotting), in turn caused by a coagulopathy (a defect in the system of coagulation).
Retinal artery thrombosis	The central retinal artery (retinal artery) branches off the ophthalmic artery, running inferior to the optic nerve within its dural sheath to the eyeball.
Blood test normal	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Pyelonephritis	Pyelonephritis  is inflammation of the kidney, typically due to a bacterial infection.
Renal disorder	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Pernicious anaemia	Vitamin B12 deficiency anemia, of which pernicious anemia is a type, is a disease in which not enough red blood cells are produced due to a deficiency of vitamin B12.
Basal cell carcinoma	Basal-cell carcinoma (BCC), also known as basal-cell cancer, is the most common type of skin cancer.
Abortion induced	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Autoimmune thrombocytopenia	Immune thrombocytopenia purpura (ITP), also known as idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, is a type of thrombocytopenic purpura defined as an isolated low platelet count with a normal bone marrow in the absence of other causes of low platelets.
Prothrombin time prolonged	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Anencephaly	Anencephaly is the absence of a major portion of the brain, skull, and scalp that occurs during embryonic development.
Cleft lip	Cleft lip and cleft palate, also known as orofacial cleft, is a group of conditions that includes cleft lip (CL), cleft palate (CP), and both together (CLP).
Furuncle	A boil, also called a furuncle, is a deep folliculitis, infection of the hair follicle.
Coagulation time shortened	Coagulation time shortened
Lymphocyte morphology abnormal	Lymphocyte morphology abnormal
Sleep disorder	A sleep disorder, or somnipathy, is a medical disorder of the sleep patterns of a person or animal.
IIIrd nerve paralysis	IIIrd nerve paralysis
Respiratory tract infection	Respiratory tract infection (RTI) refers to any of a number of infectious diseases involving the respiratory tract.
Autoimmune disorder	An autoimmune disease is a condition arising from an abnormal immune response to a normal body part.
Blood triglycerides increased	Blood triglycerides increased
Vocal cord paralysis	Vocal fold paresis, also known as recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis or vocal fold paralysis, is an injury to one or both recurrent laryngeal nerves (RLNs), which control all muscles of the larynx except for the cricothyroid muscle.
Antepartum haemorrhage	Antepartum bleeding, also known as antepartum haemorrhage or prepartum hemorrhage, is genital bleeding during pregnancy after the 20th to 24th week of pregnancy up to delivery.It can be associated with reduced fetal birth weight.
Muscle contractions involuntary	Muscle contraction is the activation of tension-generating sites within muscle fibers.
Hydrocephalus	Hydrocephalus is a condition in which an accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) occurs within the brain.
Hiccups	A hiccup (also spelled hiccough) is an involuntary contraction (myoclonic jerk) of the diaphragm that may repeat several times per minute.
Arrhythmia neonatal	Heart arrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia, dysrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is a group of conditions in which the heartbeat is irregular, too fast or too slow.
Menorrhagia	Heavy menstrual bleeding, previously known as menorrhagia, is a menstrual period with excessively heavy flow.
Head discomfort	A head is the part of an organism which usually includes the ears, brain, forehead, cheeks, chin, eyes, nose, and mouth, each of which aid in various sensory functions such as sight, hearing, smell, and taste, respectively.
Adrenogenital syndrome	Congenital adrenal hyperplasia are any of several autosomal recessive diseases resulting from mutations of genes for enzymes mediating the biochemical steps of production of mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids or sex steroids from cholesterol by the adrenal glands (steroidogenesis).
Status epilepticus	Status epilepticus (SE) is a single epileptic seizure lasting more than five minutes or two or more seizures within a five-minute period without the person returning to normal between them.
Hot flush	Hot flashes are a form of flushing due to reduced levels of estradiol.
Eclampsia	Eclampsia is the onset of seizures (convulsions) in a woman with pre-eclampsia.
Albumin CSF	Albumin is a family of globular proteins, the most common of which are the serum albumins.
Chorea	Chorea (or choreia, occasionally) is an abnormal involuntary movement disorder, one of a group of neurological disorders called dyskinesias.
Cervix disorder	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
Cheilitis	Cheilitis is inflammation of the lips.
Thyroiditis	Thyroiditis is the inflammation of the thyroid gland.
Hemihypertrophy	Hemihypertrophy, now more commonly referred to as hemihyperplasia in the medical literature,  is a condition in which one side of the body or a part of one side of the body is larger than the other to an extent considered greater than the normal variation.
Sudden death	Sudden death
Conduction disorder	Conduction disorder
Hepatitis C virus	Hepatitis C virus (HCV), a member of the Hepacivirus C species, is a small (55–65 nm in size), enveloped, positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus of the family Flaviviridae.
Myelopathy	Myelopathy describes any neurologic deficit related to the spinal cord.
Mouth haemorrhage	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Blindness transient	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
Pupils unequal	The pupil is a black hole located in the center of the iris of the eye that allows light to strike the retina.
Behcet's syndrome	Behçet's disease (BD) is a type of inflammatory disorder which affects multiple parts of the body.
Dizziness postural	Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability.
Ventricular arrhythmia	Heart arrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia, dysrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is a group of conditions in which the heartbeat is irregular, too fast or too slow.
Compartment syndrome	Compartment syndrome is a condition in which increased pressure within one of the body's anatomical compartments results in insufficient blood supply to tissue within that space.
Flank pain	Abdominal pain, also known as a stomach ache, is a symptom associated with both non-serious and serious medical issues.
Blood bicarbonate decreased	Blood bicarbonate decreased
Neoplasm malignant	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
HIV infection	Human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) is a spectrum of conditions caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Premature labour	Preterm birth, also known as premature birth, is the birth of a baby at fewer than 37 weeks' gestational age, as opposed to the usual about 40 weeks.
Premature baby	Preterm birth, also known as premature birth, is the birth of a baby at fewer than 37 weeks' gestational age, as opposed to the usual about 40 weeks.
Abdominal pain lower	Abdominal pain, also known as a stomach ache, is a symptom associated with both non-serious and serious medical issues.
Injection site warmth	Injection site warmth
Injection site vesicles	Injection site vesicles
Exfoliative rash	Exfoliative rash
Pyloric stenosis	Pyloric stenosis is a narrowing of the opening from the stomach to the first part of the small intestine (the pylorus).
Platelet count	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Induced labour	Labor induction is the process or treatment that stimulates childbirth and delivery.
Biopsy skin	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Blood culture	Blood culture is a microbiological culture of blood.
CSF cell count	CSF cell count
Injection site cellulitis	Injection site cellulitis
Respiratory failure	Respiratory failure results from inadequate gas exchange by the respiratory system, meaning that the arterial oxygen, carbon dioxide or both cannot be kept at normal levels.
Pericardial effusion	"Pericardial effusion (""fluid around the heart"") is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the pericardial cavity."
Benign intracranial hypertension	Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), previously known as pseudotumor cerebri and benign intracranial hypertension, is a condition characterized by increased intracranial pressure (pressure around the brain) without a detectable cause.
Myositis	Myositis is inflammation or swelling of the muscles.
Meningococcal bacteraemia	Neisseria meningitidis, often referred to as meningococcus, is a Gram-negative bacterium that can cause meningitis and other forms of meningococcal disease such as meningococcemia, a life-threatening sepsis.
Rash pruritic	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Anaesthesia	"Anesthesia or anaesthesia (from Greek ""without sensation"") is a state of controlled, temporary loss of sensation or awareness that is induced for medical purposes."
C-reactive protein	C-reactive protein (CRP) is an annular (ring-shaped), pentameric protein found in blood plasma, whose circulating concentrations rise in response to inflammation.
Biopsy muscle abnormal	Biopsy muscle abnormal
CSF test	CSF test
Blood lead increased	Blood lead increased
Axillary pain	Axillary pain
Diabetes mellitus insulin-dependent	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Angiotensin converting enzyme	Angiotensin-converting enzyme (EC 3.4.15.1), or ACE, is a central component of the renin–angiotensin system (RAS), which controls blood pressure by regulating the volume of fluids in the body.
Local reaction	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Circumoral oedema	Circumoral oedema
Blindness unilateral	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
C-reactive protein increased	C-reactive protein (CRP) is an annular (ring-shaped), pentameric protein found in blood plasma, whose circulating concentrations rise in response to inflammation.
Injected limb mobility decreased	Injected limb mobility decreased
Blood test	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Blood immunoglobulin G decreased	Blood immunoglobulin G decreased
Allergy test positive	Allergy testing can help confirm or rule out allergies and consequently reduce adverse reactions and limit unnecessary avoidance and medications.
Facial paresis	A facial is a family of skin care treatments for the face, including steam, exfoliation, extraction, creams, lotions, facial masks, peels, and massage.
Antimicrobial susceptibility test	Antimicrobial susceptibility test
Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis	Subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPE) -also known as Dawson disease- is a rare form of chronic progressive brain inflammation caused by slow infection with certain defective strains of hypermutated measles virus.
Musculoskeletal pain	Musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) are injuries or pain in the human musculoskeletal system, including the joints, ligaments, muscles, nerves, tendons, and structures that support limbs, neck and back.
Allergy to vaccine	Allergy to vaccine
Leukoencephalomyelitis	Leukoencephalomyelitis
Anti-HBc antibody positive	Anti-HBc antibody positive
Cardiopulmonary failure	The circulatory system, also called the cardiovascular system or the vascular system, is an organ system that permits blood to circulate and transport nutrients (such as amino acids and electrolytes), oxygen, carbon dioxide, hormones, and blood cells to and from the cells in the body to provide nourishment and help in fighting diseases, stabilize temperature and pH, and maintain homeostasis.
Blood count abnormal	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Concussion	Concussion, also known as mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), is typically defined as a head injury that temporarily affects brain functioning.
Amino acid level normal	Amino acid level normal
Blood immunoglobulin A decreased	Blood immunoglobulin A decreased
Blood culture negative	Blood culture is a microbiological culture of blood.
Bacterial test negative	Bacterial test negative
Antibody test abnormal	The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (, ) is a commonly used analytical biochemistry assay, first described by Engvall and Perlmann in 1971.
Autopsy	An autopsy (post-mortem examination, obduction, necropsy, or autopsia cadaverum) is a surgical procedure that consists of a thorough examination of a corpse by dissection to determine the cause, mode and manner of death or to evaluate any disease or injury that may be present for research or educational purposes.
Deafness unilateral	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Diplegia	Diplegia, when used singularly, refers to paralysis affecting symmetrical parts of the body.
Brain scan normal	Neuroimaging or brain imaging is the use of various techniques to either directly or indirectly image the structure, function, or pharmacology of the nervous system.
Meningitis viral	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Acinetobacter infection	Acinetobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria belonging to the wider class of Gammaproteobacteria.
Biopsy site unspecified normal	Biopsy site unspecified normal
C-reactive protein normal	C-reactive protein (CRP) is an annular (ring-shaped), pentameric protein found in blood plasma, whose circulating concentrations rise in response to inflammation.
Blood glucose	The blood sugar level, blood sugar concentration, or blood glucose level is the concentration of glucose present in the blood of humans and other animals.
Atonic seizures	An atonic seizure (also called drop seizure, akinetic seizure or drop attack) is a type of seizure that consists of partial or complete loss of muscle tone that is caused by temporary alterations in brain function.
Vasculitic rash	Vasculitic rash
Encephalitis mumps	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Blood immunoglobulin G	Blood immunoglobulin G
Death	Death is the permanent cessation of all biological functions that sustain a living organism.
Bacterial culture negative	A microbiological culture, or microbial culture, is a method of multiplying microbial organisms by letting them reproduce in predetermined culture medium under controlled laboratory conditions.
Anti-erythrocyte antibody positive	Anti-erythrocyte antibody positive
Body temperature	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Cell-mediated immune deficiency	Cell-mediated immune deficiency
Albumin CSF increased	Albumin CSF increased
Body temperature fluctuation	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Lip swelling	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Incorrect route of drug administration	Incorrect route of drug administration
Abdominal rigidity	Abdominal guarding is the tensing of the abdominal wall muscles to guard inflamed organs within the abdomen from the pain of pressure upon them.
Blood HIV RNA increased	Blood HIV RNA increased
Alanine aminotransferase normal	Alanine transaminase (ALT) is a transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.2).
Blood pressure	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Biopsy liver abnormal	Biopsy liver abnormal
Aspiration joint	In medicine, devices are sometimes necessary to create suction.
Bilirubin conjugated increased	Bilirubin conjugated increased
Activated partial thromboplastin time shortened	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Eating disorder	An eating disorder is a mental disorder defined by abnormal eating habits that negatively affect a person's physical or mental health.
Computerised tomogram normal	Computerised tomogram normal
Brain damage	Brain damage or brain injury (BI) is the destruction or degeneration of brain cells.
Blood pressure normal	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Abortion spontaneous complete	Abortion spontaneous complete
Intensive care	Intensive care medicine, or  critical care medicine, is a branch of medicine concerned with the diagnosis and management of life-threatening conditions that may require sophisticated life support and intensive monitoring.
Blood glucose normal	The blood sugar level, blood sugar concentration, or blood glucose level is the concentration of glucose present in the blood of humans and other animals.
Gastroenteritis rotavirus	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Alanine aminotransferase decreased	Alanine transaminase (ALT) is a transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.2).
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura	Immune thrombocytopenia purpura (ITP), also known as idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, is a type of thrombocytopenic purpura defined as an isolated low platelet count with a normal bone marrow in the absence of other causes of low platelets.
Bronchopneumonia	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Angiogram normal	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Brain stem auditory evoked response abnormal	Brain stem auditory evoked response abnormal
Peripheral coldness	"A peripheral or peripheral device is ""an ancillary device used to put information into and get information out of the computer"".Three categories of peripheral devices exist based on their relationship with the computer:

an input device sends data or instructions to the computer, such as a mouse, keyboard, graphics tablet, image scanner, barcode reader, game controller, light pen, light gun, microphone, digital camera, webcam, dance pad, and read-only memory);
an output device provides output from the computer, such as a computer monitor, projector, printer, headphones and computer speaker); and
an input/output device performs both input and output functions, such as a computer data storage device (including a disk drive, USB flash drive, memory card and tape drive).Many modern electronic devices, such as internet capable digital watches, smartphones, and tablet computers, have interfaces that allow them to be used as computer peripheral devices."
Chronic fatigue syndrome	Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS), also referred to as myalgic encephalomyelitis (ME), is a medical condition characterized by long-term fatigue and other persistent symptoms that limit a person's ability to carry out ordinary daily activities.
Unresponsive to stimuli	Unresponsive to stimuli
Allergy test	Allergy testing can help confirm or rule out allergies and consequently reduce adverse reactions and limit unnecessary avoidance and medications.
Hypersomnia	Hypersomnia is a neurological disorder of excessive time spent sleeping or excessive sleepiness.
CSF culture negative	CSF culture negative
Blood culture positive	Blood culture is a microbiological culture of blood.
Feeding disorder of infancy or early childhood	Feeding disorder of infancy or early childhood
Blood electrolytes normal	Blood electrolytes normal
Excessive eye blinking	Excessive eye blinking
Oliguria	Oliguria or hypouresis is the low output of urine specifically more than 80 ml/day but less than 400ml/day.
Antinuclear antibody negative	Antinuclear antibodies (ANAs, also known as antinuclear factor or ANF) are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus.
Burning sensation	"Dysesthesia (or dysaesthesia) comes from the Greek word ""dys,"" meaning ""not-normal,"" and ""aesthesis,"" which means ""sensation"" (abnormal sensation)."
Abdominal X-ray	An abdominal x-ray is an x-ray of the abdomen.
Cardiac massage	Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) is an emergency procedure that combines chest compressions often with artificial ventilation in an effort to manually preserve intact brain function until further measures are taken to restore spontaneous blood circulation and breathing in a person who is in cardiac arrest.
Adverse drug reaction	An adverse drug reaction (ADR) is an injury caused by taking medication.
Asperger's disorder	Asperger syndrome (AS), also known as Asperger's, is a developmental disorder characterised by significant difficulties in social interaction and nonverbal communication, along with restricted and repetitive patterns of behavior and interests.
Apgar score normal	The Apgar score is a method to quickly summarize the health of newborn children against infant mortality.
CSF test normal	CSF test normal
Radiculitis brachial	"Radicular pain, or radiculitis, is pain ""radiated"" along the dermatome (sensory distribution) of a nerve due to inflammation or other irritation of the nerve root (radiculopathy) at its connection to the spinal column."
Dialysis	"In medicine, dialysis (from Greek διάλυσις, Dialysis, ""dissolution""; from διά, dia, ""through"", and λύσις, lysis, ""loosening or splitting"") is the process of removing excess water, solutes, and toxins from the blood in people whose kidneys can no longer perform these functions naturally."
Peritoneal abscess	The peritoneum is the serous membrane forming the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates, such as annelids.
Conjunctival hyperaemia	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Generalised erythema	A generalization is the formulation of general concepts from specific instances by abstracting common properties.
Aspartate aminotransferase	Aspartate transaminase (AST) or aspartate aminotransferase, also known as AspAT/ASAT/AAT or (serum) glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT, SGOT), is a pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.1) that was first described by Arthur Karmen and colleagues in 1954.
Culture throat negative	Culture throat negative
Transaminases increased	Transaminases or aminotransferases are enzymes that catalyze a transamination reaction between an amino acid and an α-keto acid.
Bronchial carcinoma	A bronchus is a passage or airway in the respiratory system that conducts air into the lungs.
Anti-HBs antibody positive	Anti-HBs antibody positive
Biopsy bone marrow	Biopsy bone marrow
Bacteraemia	Bacteremia (also bacteraemia) is the presence of bacteria in the blood.
Learning disability	Learning disability, learning disorder or learning difficulty (British English) is a condition in the brain that causes difficulties comprehending or processing information and can be caused by several different factors.
Angioedema	Angioedema is an area of swelling of the lower layer of skin and tissue just under the skin or mucous membranes.
Blood creatine phosphokinase MB increased	Blood creatine phosphokinase MB increased
Cardiac neurosis	Da Costa's syndrome is a syndrome with a set of symptoms that are similar to those of heart disease.
Immediate post-injection reaction	Immediate post-injection reaction
Bacillus infection	"Bacillus (Latin ""stick"") is a genus of Gram-positive, rod-shaped bacteria, a member of the phylum Firmicutes, with 266 named species."
Acute tonsillitis	Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils, typically of rapid onset.
Altered state of consciousness	An altered state of consciousness (ASC), also called altered state of mind or mind alteration, is any condition which is significantly different from a normal waking state.
Goitre	A goitre, or goiter, is a swelling in the neck resulting from an enlarged thyroid gland.
Hypoaesthesia facial	Hypoesthesia is a common side effect of various medical conditions which manifests as a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli.
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis	Sweet's syndrome (SS), or acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis is a skin disease characterized by the sudden onset of fever, an elevated white blood cell count, and tender, red, well-demarcated papules and plaques that show dense infiltrates by neutrophil granulocytes on histologic examination.
Activities of daily living impaired	Activities of daily living (ADLs or ADL) is a term used in healthcare to refer to people's daily self-care activities.
Auricular swelling	The outer ear, external ear, or auris externa is the external portion of the ear, which consists of the auricle (also pinna) and the ear canal .
CSF culture positive	CSF culture positive
Electroencephalogram	Electroencephalography (EEG) is an electrophysiological monitoring method to record electrical activity of the brain.
Childhood disintegrative disorder	Childhood disintegrative disorder (CDD), also known as Heller's syndrome and disintegrative psychosis, is a rare condition characterized by late onset of developmental delays—or severe and sudden reversals—in language, social function, and motor skills.
Incorrect dose administered	Incorrect dose administered
Antibody test	The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (, ) is a commonly used analytical biochemistry assay, first described by Engvall and Perlmann in 1971.
Meningitis pneumococcal	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Deafness bilateral	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Cervical root pain	Cervical root pain
Cold compress therapy	Cold compression therapy, also known as hilotherapy, combines two of the principles of rest, ice, compression, elevation to reduce pain and swelling from a sports or activity injury to soft tissues and recommended by orthopedic surgeons following surgery.
Eye rolling	Eye-rolling has been defined as a passive-aggressive response to an undesirable situation or person.
Vaccination failure	Vaccination is the administration of a vaccine to help the immune system develop protection from a disease.
Electroencephalogram normal	Electroencephalography (EEG) is an electrophysiological monitoring method to record electrical activity of the brain.
Pruritus generalised	Itch (also known as pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch.
Amaurosis fugax	Amaurosis fugax (Latin fugax meaning fleeting, Greek amaurosis meaning darkening, dark, or obscure) is a painless temporary loss of vision in one or both eyes.
Arthropod bite	"An arthropod (, from Greek ἄρθρον arthron, ""joint"" and πούς pous, ""foot"" (gen. ποδός)) is an invertebrate animal having an exoskeleton (external skeleton), a segmented body, and paired jointed appendages."
Laboratory test	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Choriomeningitis lymphocytic	Choriomeningitis lymphocytic
Borrelia infection	Borrelia is a genus of bacteria of the spirochete phylum.
Generalised oedema	A generalization is the formulation of general concepts from specific instances by abstracting common properties.
Anti-HBs antibody negative	Anti-HBs antibody negative
Apallic syndrome	A persistent vegetative state (PVS) is a disorder of consciousness in which patients with severe brain damage are in a state of partial arousal rather than true awareness.
Laboratory test normal	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Intestinal functional disorder	Intestinal functional disorder
CSF pressure increased	CSF pressure increased
Antibody test negative	The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (, ) is a commonly used analytical biochemistry assay, first described by Engvall and Perlmann in 1971.
Bronchitis chronic	Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi (large and medium-sized airways) in the lungs that causes coughing.
Epstein-Barr virus antibody negative	Epstein-Barr virus antibody negative
Hepatitis A antibody	Hepatitis A is an infectious disease of the liver caused by Hepatovirus A (HAV).
Computerised tomogram	Automation is the technology  by which a process  or procedure is performed with minimal human assistance.
Blood thyroid stimulating hormone normal	Blood thyroid stimulating hormone normal
Herpes virus infection	Herpes virus infection
Immunoglobulins	An antibody (Ab), also known as an immunoglobulin (Ig), is a large, Y-shaped protein produced mainly by plasma cells that is used by the immune system to neutralize pathogens such as pathogenic bacteria and viruses.
Motor dysfunction	A motor skill is a learned ability to cause a predetermined movement outcome with maximum certainty.
Brachial plexopathy	A brachial plexus injury (BPI), also known as brachial plexus lesion, is an injury to the brachial plexus, the network of nerves that conducts signals from the spinal cord to the shoulder, arm and hand.
Blood creatine	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Electrocardiogram	Electrocardiography is the process of producing an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG), a recording – a graph of voltage versus time – of the electrical activity of the heart using electrodes placed on the skin.
Dysstasia	Dysstasia
Lower respiratory tract infection	Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), while often used as a synonym for pneumonia, can also be applied to other types of infection including lung abscess and acute bronchitis.
Disability	According to many definitions, a disability or functional impairment is an impairment that may be cognitive, developmental, intellectual, mental, physical, sensory, or some combination of these.
Blood immunoglobulin A	Blood immunoglobulin A
Bacteria stool test	Bacteria stool test
Anti-platelet antibody negative	Anti-platelet antibody negative
Central nervous system function test normal	Central nervous system function test normal
Areflexia	Hyporeflexia refers to below normal or absent reflexes (areflexia).
Diet refusal	Diet refusal
Aspiration bone marrow normal	Aspiration bone marrow normal
Biopsy	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Encephalitis post immunisation	Encephalitis post immunisation
Herpangina	Herpangina, also called mouth blisters, is a painful mouth infection caused by coxsackieviruses.
Heart rate normal	Heart rate is the speed of the heartbeat measured by the number of contractions (beats) of the heart per minute (bpm).
Cutaneous vasculitis	Cutaneous small-vessel vasculitis (CSVV), also known as hypersensitivity vasculitis, cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis, hypersensitivity angiitis, cutaneous leukocytoclastic angiitis, cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis and cutaneous necrotizing venulitis, is inflammation of small blood vessels (usually post-capillary venules in the dermis), characterized by palpable purpura.
Argininosuccinate lyase increased	ASL (argininosuccinate lyase, also known as argininosuccinase) is an enzyme that catalyzes the reversible breakdown of argininosuccinate (ASA) producing the amino acid arginine and dicarboxylic acid fumarate.
Blood count normal	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Antinuclear antibody increased	Antinuclear antibodies (ANAs, also known as antinuclear factor or ANF) are autoantibodies that bind to contents of the cell nucleus.
Parotitis	Parotitis is an inflammation of one or both parotid glands, the major salivary glands located on either side of the face, in humans.
Basophil count normal	Basophil count normal
Weight bearing difficulty	In orthopedics, weight-bearing is the amount of weight a patient puts on an injured body part.
Conjunctivitis allergic	Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
Albumin CSF normal	Albumin CSF normal
Blood immunoglobulin E increased	Blood immunoglobulin E increased
Global amnesia	Transient global amnesia (TGA) is a neurological disorder whose key defining characteristic is a temporary but almost total disruption of short-term memory with a range of problems accessing older memories.
Amyotrophy	Amyotrophy is progressive wasting of muscle tissues.
Bacteria blood test	Bacteria blood test
Borrelia burgdorferi serology negative	Borrelia burgdorferi serology negative
Ocular icterus	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Autoimmune thyroiditis	Autoimmune thyroiditis, is a chronic disease in which the body interprets the thyroid glands and its hormone products T3, T4 and TSH as threats, therefore producing special antibodies that target the thyroid’s cells, thereby destroying it.
Hepatitis A antibody negative	Hepatitis A antibody negative
Pityriasis rosea	Pityriasis rosea is a type of skin rash.
Encephalitis herpes	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Echography abnormal	Medical ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound.
Drug administration error	A medication (also referred to as medicine, pharmaceutical drug, or simply drug) is a drug used to diagnose, cure, treat, or prevent disease.
Balanitis candida	Balanitis is inflammation of the glans penis.
Electrocardiogram normal	Electrocardiography is the process of producing an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG), a recording – a graph of voltage versus time – of the electrical activity of the heart using electrodes placed on the skin.
Encephalitis viral	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Injection site discharge	Injection site discharge
Partial seizures	Focal seizures (also called partial seizures and localized seizures) are seizures which affect initially only one hemisphere of the brain.
Face injury	Facial trauma, also called maxillofacial trauma, is any physical trauma to the face.
Injection site anaesthesia	Injection site anaesthesia
Blood creatine phosphokinase normal	Blood creatine phosphokinase normal
Chest X-ray normal	A chest radiograph, called a chest X-ray (CXR), or  chest film, is a projection radiograph of the chest used to diagnose conditions affecting the chest, its contents, and nearby structures.
Breath sounds abnormal	Respiratory sounds refer to the specific sounds generated by the movement of air through the respiratory system.
Drug exposure during pregnancy	Drug exposure during pregnancy
Monoparesis	Monoplegia is paralysis of a single limb, usually an arm.
Hypoaesthesia oral	Hypoesthesia is a common side effect of various medical conditions which manifests as a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli.
No reaction on previous exposure to drug	No reaction on previous exposure to drug
Alpha-1 acid glycoprotein increased	Orosomucoid (ORM) or alpha-1-acid glycoprotein (α1AGp, AGP or AAG) is an acute phase (acute phase protein) plasma alpha-globulin glycoprotein and is modulated by two polymorphic genes.
Hepatitis B surface antigen positive	HBsAg (also known as the Australia antigen) is the surface antigen of the hepatitis B virus (HBV).
Culture urine positive	Culture urine positive
Enema administration	An enema, also known as a clyster, is an injection of fluid into the lower bowel by way of the rectum.
Bedridden	Being bedridden is a form of immobility that can present as the inability to move or even sit upright.
Brain scan abnormal	Neuroimaging or brain imaging is the use of various techniques to either directly or indirectly image the structure, function, or pharmacology of the nervous system.
Bacterial culture positive	A microbiological culture, or microbial culture, is a method of multiplying microbial organisms by letting them reproduce in predetermined culture medium under controlled laboratory conditions.
Acid hemolysin test negative	Acid hemolysin test negative
Culture positive	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Infectious mononucleosis	Infectious mononucleosis (IM, mono), also known as glandular fever, is an infection usually caused by the Epstein–Barr virus (EBV).
Amnestic disorder	Amnesia is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage or disease, but it can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs.
Full blood count normal	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Allergy test negative	Allergy testing can help confirm or rule out allergies and consequently reduce adverse reactions and limit unnecessary avoidance and medications.
Neuralgic amyotrophy	Neuralgic amyotrophy
Injection site movement impairment	Injection site movement impairment
Acute myocardial infarction	Myocardial infarction (MI), also known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow decreases or stops to a part of the heart, causing damage to the heart muscle.
Essential thrombocythaemia	Essential thrombocythemia (ET) is a rare chronic blood cancer (myeloproliferative neoplasm) characterised by the overproduction of platelets (thrombocytes) by megakaryocytes in the bone marrow.
CSF protein increased	CSF protein increased
Dissociation	Dissociation in chemistry and biochemistry is a general process in which molecules (or ionic compounds such as salts, or complexes) separate or split into smaller particles such as atoms, ions, or radicals, usually in a reversible manner.
Adenovirus infection	Adenovirus infections most commonly cause illness of the respiratory system; however, depending on the infecting serotype, they may also cause various other illnesses and presentations.
Blood chloride normal	Blood chloride normal
Cerebral hygroma	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Abdomen scan	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Clonic convulsion	Clonus is a series of involuntary, rhythmic, muscular contractions and relaxations.
Amniocentesis normal	Amniocentesis (also referred to as an amniotic fluid test) is a medical procedure used primarily in prenatal diagnosis of chromosomal abnormalities and fetal infections, as well as for sex determination.
Expired drug administered	Expired drug administered
Induration	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Blood creatinine normal	Blood creatinine normal
Blighted ovum	A blighted ovum is a pregnancy in which the embryo never develops or develops and is reabsorbed.
Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy	Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy
Facial bones fracture	The facial skeleton comprises the facial bones that may attach to build a portion of the skull.
Borrelia burgdorferi serology	Borrelia burgdorferi is a bacterial species of the spirochete class of the genus Borrelia.
Base excess negative	In physiology, base excess and base deficit refer to an excess or deficit, respectively, in the amount of base present in the blood.
Nonspecific reaction	Nonspecific reaction
Activated partial thromboplastin time	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Impetigo	Impetigo is a bacterial infection that involves the superficial skin.
Abdomen scan normal	Abdomen scan normal
Growth retardation	Delayed milestone, also called developmental delays, is used to describe the condition where a child does not reach one of these stages at the expected age.
Brain stem auditory evoked response	Brain stem auditory evoked response
Bipolar disorder	Bipolar disorder, previously known as manic depression, is a mental disorder that causes periods of depression and abnormally elevated moods.
Retinitis	Retinitis is inflammation of the retina in the eye, which can permanently damage the retina and lead to blindness.
Gallbladder enlargement	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Anogenital warts	Genital warts are a sexually transmitted infection caused by certain types of human papillomavirus (HPV).
Exposure to communicable disease	Exposure to communicable disease
Culture negative	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging brain	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Anti-thyroid antibody	Anti-thyroid antibody
Computerised tomogram abnormal	Computerised tomogram abnormal
Miller Fisher syndrome	Guillain–Barré syndrome (GBS) is a rapid-onset muscle weakness caused by the immune system damaging the peripheral nervous system.
Heat oedema	In thermodynamics, heat is energy in transfer to or from a thermodynamic system, by mechanisms other than thermodynamic work or transfer of matter.
Tonic convulsion	Tonic convulsion
Hypotonic-hyporesponsive episode	A hypotonic-hyporesponsive episode (HHE) is defined as sudden onset of poor muscle tone, reduced consciousness, and pale or bluish skin occurring within 48 hours after vaccination, most commonly pertussis vaccination.
Feeling hot and cold	Feeling hot and cold
Flatulence	"Flatulence is defined in the medical literature as ""flatus expelled through the anus"" or the ""quality or state of being flatulent"", which is defined in turn as ""marked by or affected with gases generated in the intestine or stomach; likely to cause digestive flatulence""."
Blood calcium normal	Calcium ions (Ca2+) contribute to the physiology and biochemistry of organisms and the cell.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as motor neurone disease (MND) or Lou Gehrig's disease, is a specific disease that causes the death of neurons controlling voluntary muscles.
Blood pressure ambulatory	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Biopsy kidney abnormal	Biopsy kidney abnormal
Blood immunoglobulin G normal	Blood immunoglobulin G normal
Acute vestibular syndrome	Acute vestibular syndrome
Pertussis	Whooping cough, also known as pertussis or 100-day cough, is a highly contagious bacterial disease.
Paraparesis	Paraplegia is an impairment in motor or sensory function of the lower extremities.
Abdominal tenderness	In medicine, tenderness is pain or discomfort when an affected area is touched.
Culture stool negative	Culture stool negative
Oxygen supplementation	Oxygen therapy, also known as supplemental oxygen, is the use of oxygen as a medical treatment.
Aspiration bone marrow	Aspiration bone marrow
Pityriasis rubra pilaris	Pityriasis rubra pilaris  refers to a group of chronic disorders characterized by reddish orange, scaling plaques and keratotic follicular papules.
Autoimmune hepatitis	Autoimmune hepatitis, formerly called lupoid hepatitis, is a chronic, autoimmune disease of the liver that occurs when the body's immune system attacks liver cells causing the liver to be inflamed.
Ammonia increased	Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula NH3.
Culture stool positive	Culture stool positive
General physical health deterioration	General physical health deterioration
Intervertebral discitis	Intervertebral discitis
Swelling	Swelling is a transient abnormal enlargement of a body part or area caused not by neoplasm (proliferation of cells) but by accumulation of interstitial fluid (fluid in tissues).
Mastoiditis	Mastoiditis is the result of an infection that extends to the air cells of the skull behind the ear.
Gastrointestinal pain	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Rubella	Rubella, also known as German measles or three-day measles, is an infection caused by the rubella virus.
Vaginal ulceration	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Biopsy bone marrow normal	Biopsy bone marrow normal
Vaccination complication	Vaccination is the administration of a vaccine to help the immune system develop protection from a disease.
Drug effect decreased	Efficacy is the ability to get a job done satisfactorily.
Bacterial culture	A microbiological culture, or microbial culture, is a method of multiplying microbial organisms by letting them reproduce in predetermined culture medium under controlled laboratory conditions.
Angiotensin converting enzyme increased	Angiotensin-converting enzyme (EC 3.4.15.1), or ACE, is a central component of the renin–angiotensin system (RAS), which controls blood pressure by regulating the volume of fluids in the body.
Mononeuritis	Peripheral neuropathy, often shortened to neuropathy, is a general term describing disease affecting the peripheral nerves, meaning nerves beyond the brain and spinal cord.
Activated partial thromboplastin time abnormal	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Immunisation reaction	Immunization, or immunisation, is the process by which an individual's immune system becomes fortified against an agent (known as the immunogen).
Drug exposure via breast milk	Drug exposure via breast milk
Injection site thrombosis	Injection site thrombosis
Infarction	Infarction is tissue death (necrosis) due to inadequate blood supply to the affected area.
Bleeding time shortened	Bleeding time is a medical test done on someone to assess their platelets function.
Blood potassium normal	Reference ranges for blood tests are sets of values used by a health professional to interpret a set of medical test results from blood samples.
Eye infection	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Bartholin's abscess	A Bartholin's cyst occurs when Bartholin's gland, within the labia, becomes blocked.
Exercise tolerance decreased	Exercise tolerance decreased
Apnoeic attack	Apnea is the cessation of breathing.
Animal bite	An animal bite is a wound, usually a puncture or laceration, caused by the teeth.
Aspiration biopsy	Fine-needle aspiration (FNA) is a diagnostic procedure used to investigate lumps or masses.
Abscess limb	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Blood creatine decreased	Blood creatine decreased
Ataxia	Ataxia is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements that can include gait abnormality, speech changes, and abnormalities in eye movements.
Type 1 diabetes mellitus	Type 1 diabetes (T1D), also known as juvenile diabetes, is a form of diabetes in which very little or no insulin is produced by the pancreas.
Body height below normal	Body height below normal
Blood glucose abnormal	The blood sugar level, blood sugar concentration, or blood glucose level is the concentration of glucose present in the blood of humans and other animals.
Swollen tongue	Macroglossia is the medical term for an unusually large tongue.
Alpha 2 globulin increased	Alpha 2 globulin increased
Overdose	A drug overdose (or simply overdose or OD) is the ingestion or application of a drug or other substance in quantities greater than are recommended.
Lymph node pain	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Blood urine present	Blood urine present
Full blood count	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura	Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is a blood disorder that results in blood clots forming in small blood vessels throughout the body.
Injection site extravasation	Injection site extravasation
Dysaesthesia	"Dysesthesia (or dysaesthesia) comes from the Greek word ""dys,"" meaning ""not-normal,"" and ""aesthesis,"" which means ""sensation"" (abnormal sensation)."
Post vaccination syndrome	Post vaccination syndrome
Surgery	Surgery is a medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate or treat a pathological condition such as a disease or injury, to help improve bodily function or appearance or to repair unwanted ruptured areas.
Adverse event	An adverse event (AE) is any untoward medical occurrence in a patient or clinical investigation subject administered a pharmaceutical product and which does not necessarily have a causal relationship with this treatment.
Skin lesion	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Multiple sclerosis relapse	Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
Illusion	An illusion is a distortion of the senses, which can reveal how the human brain normally organizes and interprets sensory stimulation.
Hypoventilation	"Hypoventilation (also known as respiratory depression) occurs when ventilation is inadequate (hypo meaning ""below"") to perform needed gas exchange."
Antibody test positive	The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (, ) is a commonly used analytical biochemistry assay, first described by Engvall and Perlmann in 1971.
Head injury	A head injury is any injury that results in trauma to the skull or brain.
Monoplegia	Monoplegia is paralysis of a single limb, usually an arm.
Abdominal neoplasm	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Echocardiogram	An echocardiography, echocardiogram, cardiac echo or simply an echo, is an ultrasound of the heart.
Facial pain	Orofacial pain is a general term covering any pain which is felt in the mouth, jaws and the face.
Acute abdomen	An acute abdomen refers to a sudden, severe abdominal pain.
Urticaria chronic	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Angiogram	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Blood pH normal	Acid–base homeostasis is the homeostatic regulation of the pH of the body's extracellular fluid (ECF).
Cervical dysplasia	Cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN), also known as cervical dysplasia, is the abnormal growth of cells on the surface of the cervix that could potentially lead to cervical cancer.
Lumbar puncture abnormal	Lumbar puncture (LP), also known as a spinal tap, is a medical procedure in which a needle is inserted into the spinal canal, most commonly to collect cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) for diagnostic testing.
Injection site discolouration	Injection site discolouration
Listless	Listless
Lichen nitidus	Lichen nitidus is a chronic inflammatory disease of unknown cause  characterized by 1–2 mm, discrete and uniform, shiny, flat-topped, pale flesh-colored or reddish-brown papules that may appear as hypopigmented against dark skin.
Bronchoalveolar lavage	Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) [not to be confused with bronchial washing], is a medical procedure in which a bronchoscope is passed through the mouth or nose into the lungs and fluid is squirted into a small part of the lung and then collected for examination.
Granulocyte count increased	Granulocyte count increased
Rash generalised	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
CSF culture	CSF culture
Skin burning sensation	Skin burning sensation
Feeling of body temperature change	Feeling of body temperature change
International normalised ratio	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Adams-Stokes syndrome	Stokes–Adams syndrome  is a periodic fainting spell in which there is a intermittent heart block due to an arrhythmia that may last for seconds, hours, days, or even weeks before the conduction returns.
Sudden hearing loss	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Visual acuity reduced	Visual acuity (VA) commonly refers to the clarity of vision.
Blood electrolytes	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Consciousness fluctuating	Consciousness at its simplest refers to “sentience or awareness of internal or external existence”.
Electromyogram abnormal	Electromyography (EMG) is an electrodiagnostic medicine technique for evaluating and recording the electrical activity produced by skeletal muscles.
Biopsy skin abnormal	Biopsy skin abnormal
Hepatitis B antibody negative	Hepatitis B antibody negative
Measles antibody negative	Measles antibody negative
Haemoglobin	Hemoglobin (American English) or haemoglobin (British English) (), abbreviated Hb or Hgb, is the iron-containing oxygen-transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells (erythrocytes) of almost all vertebrates (the exception being the fish family Channichthyidae) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates.
Biopsy cervix abnormal	Biopsy cervix abnormal
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging normal	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
International normalised ratio fluctuation	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Creatinine urine increased	Creatinine urine increased
Retinal vein thrombosis	The central retinal vein is the venous equivalent of the central retinal artery and, like that blood vessel, it can suffer from occlusion (central retinal vein occlusion, also CRVO), similar to that seen in ocular ischemic syndrome.
Autoimmune neutropenia	Autoimmune neutropenia (AIN) is a form of neutropenia which is most common in infants and young children where the body identifies the neutrophils as enemies and makes antibody to destroy them.
Breast microcalcification	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Cerebral disorder	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Anti-HBe antibody positive	Anti-HBe antibody positive
Diagnostic procedure	Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon.
Bronchitis viral	Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi (large and medium-sized airways) in the lungs that causes coughing.
Abdominal symptom	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Inflammatory pain	Inflammation (from Latin: inflammatio) is part of the complex biological response of body tissues to harmful stimuli, such as pathogens, damaged cells, or irritants, and is a protective response involving immune cells, blood vessels, and molecular mediators.
CSF pressure normal	CSF pressure normal
Catheter placement	In medicine, a catheter is a thin tube made from medical grade materials serving a broad range of functions.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody negative	Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCAs) are a group of autoantibodies, mainly of the IgG type, against antigens in the cytoplasm of neutrophil granulocytes (the most common type of white blood cell) and monocytes.
Deformity	A deformity, dysmorphism, or dysmorphic feature is a major abnormality in the shape of a body part or organ compared to the normal shape of that part.
Blood creatinine	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Osteoporosis	Osteoporosis is a disease in which bone weakening increases the risk of a broken bone.
Breast cyst	A breast cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the breast.
Limb discomfort	Limb discomfort
Culture urine	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Blood immunoglobulin E normal	Blood immunoglobulin E normal
Activated partial thromboplastin time normal	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Heart rate	Heart rate is the speed of the heartbeat measured by the number of contractions (beats) of the heart per minute (bpm).
Typhoid fever	Typhoid fever, also known simply as typhoid, is a bacterial infection due to a specific type of Salmonella that causes symptoms.
Meningitis haemophilus	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Groin pain	In human anatomy, the groin (the adjective is inguinal, as in inguinal canal) is the junctional area (also known as the inguinal region) between the abdomen and the thigh on either side of the pubic bone.
Blood alkaline phosphatase normal	Blood alkaline phosphatase normal
Blood albumin abnormal	Serum albumin, often referred to simply as blood albumin, is an albumin (a type of globular protein) found in vertebrate blood.
Choking sensation	Choking occurs when an object becomes stuck in the throat or the windpipe and blocks air from flowing into the lungs.
Chronic myelomonocytic leukaemia	Chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (CMML) is a type of leukemia, which are cancers of the blood-forming cells of the bone marrow.
Histology abnormal	"Histology,
also known as microscopic anatomy or microanatomy, is the branch of biology which studies the microscopic anatomy of biological  tissues."
Abortion complete	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Barium enema abnormal	A lower gastrointestinal series is a medical procedure used to examine and diagnose problems with the human colon (large intestine).
Gallbladder disorder	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Nerve conduction studies abnormal	A nerve conduction study (NCS) is a medical diagnostic test commonly used to evaluate the function, especially the ability of electrical conduction, of the motor and sensory nerves of the human body.
Crepitations	Crackles are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation.
Arteriogram coronary normal	Arteriogram coronary normal
Anorexia nervosa	Anorexia nervosa, often referred to simply as anorexia, is an eating disorder, characterized by low weight, food restriction, fear of gaining weight, and a strong desire to be thin.
Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder	Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a mental disorder of the neurodevelopmental type.
Lividity	"Livor mortis (Latin: livor – ""bluish color"", mortis – ""of death""), postmortem lividity (Latin: postmortem – ""after death"", lividity – ""black and blue""), hypostasis (Greek: hypo, meaning ""under, beneath""; stasis, meaning ""a standing"") or suggillation, is the fourth stage of death and one of the signs of death."
Blood thyroid stimulating hormone decreased	Blood thyroid stimulating hormone decreased
Antimicrobial susceptibility test sensitive	Antimicrobial susceptibility test sensitive
Ear infection	Otitis is a general term for inflammation or inflammation of the ear, in both humans and other animals.
Application site erythema	Application site erythema
C-reactive protein decreased	C-reactive protein (CRP) is an annular (ring-shaped), pentameric protein found in blood plasma, whose circulating concentrations rise in response to inflammation.
Aplasia pure red cell	Aplasia pure red cell
Echocardiogram normal	An echocardiography, echocardiogram, cardiac echo or simply an echo, is an ultrasound of the heart.
Allergy to metals	Allergy to metals
Eosinophil percentage	Eosinophils, sometimes called eosinophiles or, less commonly, acidophils, are a variety of white blood cells and one of the immune system components responsible for combating multicellular parasites and certain infections in vertebrates.
Foaming at mouth	Foaming at mouth
Acute hepatic failure	Acute liver failure is the appearance of severe complications rapidly after the first signs of liver disease (such as jaundice), and indicates that the liver has sustained severe damage (loss of function of 80–90% of liver cells).
Appendicitis	Appendicitis is inflammation of the appendix.
Brain stem auditory evoked response normal	Brain stem auditory evoked response normal
Antimitochondrial antibody normal	Anti-mitochondrial antibodies (AMA) are autoantibodies, consisting of immunoglobulins formed against mitochondria, primarily the mitochondria in cells of the liver.
Hepatitis B antibody positive	Hepatitis B antibody positive
Gynaecological examination	Gynaecology or gynecology (see spelling differences) is the medical practice dealing with the health of the female reproductive systems (vagina, uterus, and ovaries) and the breasts.
Biopsy muscle normal	Biopsy muscle normal
CSF oligoclonal band present	CSF oligoclonal band present
Hepatitis A antibody positive	Hepatitis A antibody positive
Chest X-ray	A chest radiograph, called a chest X-ray (CXR), or  chest film, is a projection radiograph of the chest used to diagnose conditions affecting the chest, its contents, and nearby structures.
Injection site pruritus	Injection site pruritus
Electromyogram normal	Electromyography (EMG) is an electrodiagnostic medicine technique for evaluating and recording the electrical activity produced by skeletal muscles.
Haemorrhagic ovarian cyst	Haemorrhagic ovarian cyst
Acute sinusitis	Sinusitis, also known as rhinosinusitis, is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms.
Exercise electrocardiogram abnormal	Exercise electrocardiogram abnormal
Lumbar puncture	Lumbar puncture (LP), also known as a spinal tap, is a medical procedure in which a needle is inserted into the spinal canal, most commonly to collect cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) for diagnostic testing.
Arthritis reactive	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Biopsy pericardium	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Audiogram normal	An audiogram is a graph that shows the audible threshold for standardized frequencies as measured by an audiometer.
Brachial plexus injury	A brachial plexus injury (BPI), also known as brachial plexus lesion, is an injury to the brachial plexus, the network of nerves that conducts signals from the spinal cord to the shoulder, arm and hand.
Angiogram cerebral normal	Angiogram cerebral normal
Angiogram abnormal	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
CSF bacteria no organisms observed	CSF bacteria no organisms observed
CSF lymphocyte count	CSF lymphocyte count
Base excess	In physiology, base excess and base deficit refer to an excess or deficit, respectively, in the amount of base present in the blood.
Blood pressure systolic	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Blood immunoglobulin M abnormal	Blood immunoglobulin M abnormal
Glycosylated haemoglobin increased	Glycated hemoglobin (A1C, hemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, or less commonly HgbA1c, haemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, Hb1c, etc.)
Pustular psoriasis	The term pustular psoriasis is used for a heterogeneous group of diseases that share pustular skin characteristics.
VIth nerve paralysis	VIth nerve paralysis
CSF glucose increased	CSF glucose or glycorrhachia is a measurement used to determine the concentration of glucose in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Injection site bruising	Injection site bruising
Muscular dystrophy	Muscular dystrophy (MD) is a group of muscle diseases that results in increasing weakening and breakdown of skeletal muscles over time.
Clonus	Clonus is a series of involuntary, rhythmic, muscular contractions and relaxations.
Blood product transfusion	A blood product is any therapeutic substance prepared from human blood.
Blood blister	A blood blister is a type of blister that forms when subdermal tissues and blood vessels are damaged without piercing the skin.
Lhermitte's sign	"Lhermitte's phenomenon, also called the barber chair phenomenon, is an uncomfortable ""electrical"" sensation that runs through the back and into the limbs."
Drug administered at inappropriate site	Drug administered at inappropriate site
Akinesia	Hypokinesia refers to decreased bodily movement.
Disseminated intravascular coagulation	Disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) is a condition in which blood clots form throughout the body, blocking small blood vessels.
Intentional overdose	Intention is a mental state that represents a commitment to carrying out an action or actions in the future.
Blood albumin	Serum albumin, often referred to simply as blood albumin, is an albumin (a type of globular protein) found in vertebrate blood.
Genital ulceration	A genital ulcer is located on the genital area, usually caused by sexually transmitted diseases such as genital herpes, syphilis or  chancroid.
Blood fibrinogen	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Brain injury	Brain damage or brain injury (BI) is the destruction or degeneration of brain cells.
Contraception	Birth control, also known as contraception and fertility control, is a method or device used to prevent pregnancy.
Myoclonic epilepsy	Myoclonic epilepsy refers to a family of epilepsies that present with myoclonus.
Intestinal resection	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Anaplastic large cell lymphoma T- and null-cell types	Anaplastic large cell lymphoma T- and null-cell types
Paralysis flaccid	Paralysis is a loss of muscle function for one or more muscles.
Granulocyte count decreased	Granulocyte count decreased
Fat necrosis	Fat necrosis is a form of necrosis characterized by the action upon fat by digestive enzymes.In fat necrosis the enzyme lipase releases fatty acids from triglycerides.
Skin hypopigmentation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Blood fibrinogen normal	Blood fibrinogen normal
Foreign body trauma	A foreign body (FB) is any object originating outside the body of an organism.
Biopsy brain abnormal	Biopsy brain abnormal
Rotavirus infection	Rotavirus is a genus of double-stranded RNA viruses in the family Reoviridae.
IIIrd nerve disorder	IIIrd nerve disorder
Breech presentation	A breech birth is when a baby is born bottom first instead of head first.
Alpha 1 globulin normal	Alpha 1 globulin normal
Myopericarditis	Myopericarditis is a combination of both myocarditis and pericarditis appearing in a single individual, namely inflammation of both the pericardium and the heart muscle.
Ammonia normal	Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula NH3.
Myofascitis	Myofascitis
Central nervous system lesion	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Rectal haemorrhage	The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Barium enema	A lower gastrointestinal series is a medical procedure used to examine and diagnose problems with the human colon (large intestine).
Pneumonia pneumococcal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Skin depigmentation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
CSF protein normal	CSF protein normal
Rash papular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
CSF electrophoresis abnormal	CSF electrophoresis abnormal
Hospitalisation	A hospital is a health care institution providing patient treatment with specialized medical and nursing staff and medical equipment.
Oxygen saturation decreased	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Appendicectomy	An appendectomy, also spelled appendicectomy, is a surgical operation in which the vermiform appendix (a portion of the intestine) is removed.
Antibody test normal	The enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) (, ) is a commonly used analytical biochemistry assay, first described by Engvall and Perlmann in 1971.
Blood amino acid level abnormal	Blood amino acid level abnormal
Cytolytic hepatitis	Cytolysis, or osmotic lysis, occurs when a cell bursts due to an osmotic imbalance that has caused excess water to diffuse into the cell.
Breast swelling	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Acarodermatitis	Acarodermatitis
Mobility decreased	Mobility decreased
Local swelling	Local swelling
Familial risk factor	Familial risk factor
Culture stool	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Abdominal mass	An abdominal mass is any localized enlargement or swelling in the human abdomen.
Glomerulonephritis minimal lesion	Glomerulonephritis minimal lesion
Caesarean section	Caesarean section, also known as C-section, or caesarean delivery, is the use of surgery to deliver babies.
Biopsy muscle	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Chapped lips	Cheilitis is inflammation of the lips.
Cranial nerve paralysis	Cranial nerves are the nerves that emerge directly from the brain (including the brainstem), in contrast to spinal nerves (which emerge from segments of the spinal cord).
Mass	Mass is an extensive property of a physical body.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positive	Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCAs) are a group of autoantibodies, mainly of the IgG type, against antigens in the cytoplasm of neutrophil granulocytes (the most common type of white blood cell) and monocytes.
Pneumonitis	Pneumonitis is an inflammation of lung tissue due to factors other than microorganisms.
Cardiolipin antibody negative	Cardiolipin antibody negative
Leg amputation	A leg is a weight-bearing and locomotive anatomical structure, usually having a columnar shape.
Mononucleosis heterophile test negative	Mononucleosis heterophile test negative
Pupillary reflex impaired	Pupillary reflex refers to one of the reflexes associated with pupillary function.
Blood immunoglobulin G increased	Blood immunoglobulin G increased
Anti-thyroid antibody positive	Anti-thyroid antibody positive
Dysgraphia	Dysgraphia is a deficiency in the ability to write, primarily handwriting, but also coherence.
Meningitis bacterial	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Base excess decreased	In physiology, base excess and base deficit refer to an excess or deficit, respectively, in the amount of base present in the blood.
Alcohol use	An alcoholic drink (or alcoholic beverage) is a drink that contains ethanol, a type of alcohol produced by fermentation of grains, fruits, or other sources of sugar.
Fluid intake reduced	Drinking is the act of ingesting water or other liquids into the body through the mouth, proboscis, or elsewhere.
Developmental delay	Specific developmental disorders (SDD) are disorders in which development is delayed in one specific area or areas, and in which basically all other areas of development are not affected.
Anaphylactoid shock	Anaphylaxis is a serious allergic reaction that is rapid in onset and may cause death.
Fasciotomy	Fasciotomy or fasciectomy is a surgical procedure where the fascia is cut to relieve tension or pressure commonly to treat the resulting loss of circulation to an area of tissue or muscle.
Mononucleosis heterophile test positive	Mononucleosis heterophile test positive
Blood cholesterol	Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, either free or bound to other molecules.
Dysphoria	Dysphoria (from Greek: δύσφορος (dysphoros), δυσ-, difficult, and φέρειν, to bear) is a profound state of unease or dissatisfaction.
Hidradenitis	Hidradenitis is any disease in which the histologic abnormality is primarily an inflammatory infiltrate around the eccrine glands.
Blood smear test abnormal	Blood smear test abnormal
Abscess bacterial	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Carcinoma in situ	Carcinoma in situ (CIS) is a group of abnormal cells.
Bone neoplasm malignant	Bone neoplasm malignant
Alpha 1 foetoprotein	The alpha-1 (α1) adrenergic receptor is a G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) associated with the Gq heterotrimeric G-protein.
Wrong drug administered	Wrong drug administered
Epstein-Barr virus infection	There are several forms of Epstein–Barr virus (EBV) infection.
Blood pressure immeasurable	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Complex regional pain syndrome	Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS), also known as reflex sympathetic dystrophy (RSD), describes an array of painful conditions that are characterized by a continuing (spontaneous and/or evoked) regional pain that is seemingly disproportionate in time or degree to the usual course of any known trauma or other lesion.
Cardiac failure acute	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Axillary mass	Axillary mass
Hypermetropia	Far-sightedness, also known as hyperopia, is a condition of the eye in which light is focused behind, instead of on, the retina.
Cardiovascular evaluation	The circulatory system, also called the cardiovascular system or the vascular system, is an organ system that permits blood to circulate and transport nutrients (such as amino acids and electrolytes), oxygen, carbon dioxide, hormones, and blood cells to and from the cells in the body to provide nourishment and help in fighting diseases, stabilize temperature and pH, and maintain homeostasis.
Mental disorder	A mental disorder, also called a mental illness or psychiatric disorder, is a behavioral or mental pattern that causes significant distress or impairment of personal functioning.
Bacteriuria	Bacteriuria is the presence of bacteria in urine.
Computerised tomogram head	Computerised tomogram head
Colectomy	Colectomy (col- + -ectomy) is bowel resection of the large bowel (colon).
Anti-platelet antibody positive	Anti-platelet antibody positive
Ocular hyperaemia	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Retinitis viral	Retinitis is inflammation of the retina in the eye, which can permanently damage the retina and lead to blindness.
Hepatitis B	Hepatitis B (HB) is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis B virus (HBV) that affects the liver.
Chemotherapy	Chemotherapy (often abbreviated to chemo and sometimes CTX or CTx) is a type of cancer treatment that uses one or more anti-cancer drugs (chemotherapeutic agents) as part of a standardized chemotherapy regimen.
Biopsy artery abnormal	Biopsy artery abnormal
Anal candidiasis	Anal candidiasis
Atypical benign partial epilepsy	Atypical benign partial epilepsy
Band neutrophil percentage increased	Band neutrophil percentage increased
Vestibular neuronitis	Labyrinthitis, also known as vestibular neuritis, is the inflammation of the inner ear.
B-lymphocyte count decreased	B-lymphocyte count decreased
Herpes simplex serology negative	Herpes simplex serology negative
Psychomotor retardation	Psychomotor retardation involves a slowing-down of thought and a reduction of physical movements in an individual.
Blood cortisol decreased	Blood cortisol decreased
Albumin CSF decreased	Albumin CSF decreased
CSF cell count increased	CSF cell count increased
Impaired work ability	Impaired work ability
Amoebic serology positive	Amoebic serology positive
Blood folate	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Dermatologic examination abnormal	Dermatologic examination abnormal
Aspartate aminotransferase normal	Aspartate transaminase (AST) or aspartate aminotransferase, also known as AspAT/ASAT/AAT or (serum) glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT, SGOT), is a pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.1) that was first described by Arthur Karmen and colleagues in 1954.
Bone marrow failure	Bone marrow failure occurs in individuals who produce an insufficient amount of red blood cells, white blood cells or platelets.
Complicated migraine	Complicated migraine
CSF lymphocyte count abnormal	CSF lymphocyte count abnormal
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin positive	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin positive
Anterior capsule contraction	Anterior capsule contraction
Cervical conisation	Cervical conization (CPT codes 57520 (Cold Knife) and 57522 (Loop Excision)) refers to an excision of a cone-shaped sample of tissue from the mucous membrane of the cervix.
CSF monocyte count increased	CSF monocyte count increased
Acute psychosis	Psychosis is an abnormal condition of the mind that results in difficulties determining what is real and what is not.
Radiculitis	"Radicular pain, or radiculitis, is pain ""radiated"" along the dermatome (sensory distribution) of a nerve due to inflammation or other irritation of the nerve root (radiculopathy) at its connection to the spinal column."
Acid hemolysin test	Acid hemolysin test
Periarthritis	Periarthritis
Blood follicle stimulating hormone normal	Blood follicle stimulating hormone normal
Cutis laxa	Cutis laxa  or pachydermatocele is a group of rare connective tissue disorders in which the skin becomes inelastic and hangs loosely in folds.
Nightmare	A nightmare, also called a bad dream, is an unpleasant dream that can cause a strong emotional response from the mind, typically fear but also despair, anxiety and great sadness.
Stupor	Stupor is the lack of critical mental function and a level of consciousness wherein an affected person is almost entirely unresponsive and only responds to intense stimuli such as pain.
Cardiac death	Cardiac arrest is a sudden loss of blood flow resulting from the failure of the heart to pump effectively.
Hepatitis acute	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Bacterial test positive	Bacterial test positive
Blood bicarbonate	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Cataplexy	Cataplexy is a sudden and transient episode of muscle weakness accompanied by full conscious awareness, typically triggered by emotions such as laughing, crying, or terror.
Completed suicide	Completed suicide
Cardiac enzymes normal	Cardiac markers are biomarkers measured to evaluate heart function.
Wrong technique in drug usage process	Wrong technique in drug usage process
Sleep terror	Night terror, also known as sleep terror, is a sleep disorder causing feelings of panic or dread typically occurring during the first hours of stage 3–4 non-rapid eye movement (NREM) sleep  and lasting for 1 to 10 minutes.
CSF immunoglobulin increased	CSF immunoglobulin increased
Blood immunoglobulin E	Blood immunoglobulin E
Hepatitis cholestatic	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Congenital nose malformation	Congenital nose malformation
Dermo-hypodermitis	Dermo-hypodermitis
Schizophrenia	Schizophrenia is a mental illness characterized by abnormal behavior, strange speech, and a decreased ability to understand reality.
Antigliadin antibody positive	Antigliadin antibody positive
Alpha haemolytic streptococcal infection	Alpha haemolytic streptococcal infection
Brain abscess	Brain abscess (or cerebral abscess) is an abscess caused by inflammation and collection of infected material, coming from local (ear infection, dental abscess, infection of paranasal sinuses, infection of the mastoid air cells of the temporal bone, epidural abscess) or remote (lung, heart, kidney etc.)
Metal poisoning	Metal toxicity or metal poisoning is the toxic effect of certain metals in certain forms and doses on life.
Acute coronary syndrome	Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is a syndrome (set of signs and symptoms) due to decreased blood flow in the coronary arteries such that part of the heart muscle is unable to function properly or dies.
Bacterial test	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Accidental exposure	Accidental exposure
Adrenoleukodystrophy	Adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) is a disease linked to the X chromosome.
Localised oedema	Localised oedema
Juvenile arthritis	Childhood arthritis, is any form of chronic arthritis or chronic arthritis-related conditions which affects individuals under the age of 16.
Coeliac disease	Coeliac disease or celiac disease is a long-term autoimmune disorder that primarily affects the small intestine.
Abdominal operation	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Heart rate decreased	Heart rate is the speed of the heartbeat measured by the number of contractions (beats) of the heart per minute (bpm).
Pneumococcal bacteraemia	Streptococcus pneumoniae, or pneumococcus, is a Gram-positive, alpha-hemolytic (under aerobic conditions) or beta-hemolytic (under anaerobic conditions), facultative anaerobic member of the genus Streptococcus.
Application site cold feeling	Application site cold feeling
Blood creatine phosphokinase MB normal	Blood creatine phosphokinase MB normal
Haemoglobin normal	Hemoglobin (American English) or haemoglobin (British English) (), abbreviated Hb or Hgb, is the iron-containing oxygen-transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells (erythrocytes) of almost all vertebrates (the exception being the fish family Channichthyidae) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates.
Tic	A tic is a sudden, repetitive, nonrhythmic motor movement or vocalization involving discrete muscle groups.
Monarthritis	Monarthritis
No adverse event	No adverse event
Emotional distress	In medicine, distress is an aversive state in which a person is unable to completely adapt to stressors and their resulting stress and shows maladaptive behaviors.
Adjustment disorder	An adjustment disorder (AjD) occurs when an individual has significant difficulty adjusting to or coping with a significant psychosocial stressor.
Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis	Acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM), or acute demyelinating encephalomyelitis, is a rare autoimmune disease marked by a sudden, widespread attack of inflammation in the brain and spinal cord.
Anal abscess	Anorectal abscess (also known as an anal/rectal abscess, or perianal/perirectal abscess) is an abscess adjacent to the anus.
Apgar score abnormal	The Apgar score is a method to quickly summarize the health of newborn children against infant mortality.
No therapeutic response	No therapeutic response
Bone marrow myelogram normal	Bone marrow myelogram normal
Fibroadenoma of breast	Fibroadenoma of breast
Axonal neuropathy	An axon (from Greek ἄξων áxōn, axis), or nerve fiber, is a long, slender projection of a nerve cell, or neuron, in vertebrates, that typically conducts electrical impulses known as action potentials away from the nerve cell body.
Bronchial hyperreactivity	Bronchial hyperresponsiveness (or other combinations with airway or hyperreactivity, BH used as a general abbreviation) is a state characterised by easily triggered bronchospasm (contraction of the bronchioles or small airways).
Coxsackie virus serology test negative	Coxsackie virus serology test negative
Failure to thrive	Failure to thrive (FTT) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss in pediatric patients unless the term is more precisely defined.
Gastrointestinal tube insertion	Gastrointestinal tube insertion
Bacterial pyelonephritis	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Astigmatism	Astigmatism is a type of refractive error in which the eye does not focus light evenly on the retina.
Wheelchair user	A wheelchair is a chair with wheels, used when walking is difficult or impossible due to illness, injury, or disability.
Central nervous system inflammation	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Mumps	Mumps is a viral disease caused by the mumps virus.
Encephalitis post measles	Encephalitis post measles
Breast oedema	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Barium double contrast	Barium double contrast
Abnormal sensation in eye	Abnormal sensation in eye
Injection site discomfort	Injection site discomfort
Hyporeflexia	Hyporeflexia refers to below normal or absent reflexes (areflexia).
Cervical incompetence	Cervical weakness, also called cervical incompetence or cervical insufficiency, is a medical condition of pregnancy in which the cervix begins to dilate (widen) and efface (thin) before the pregnancy has reached term.
Adenoidal disorder	Adenoidal disorder
Incisional drainage	Incisional drainage
Anxiety disorder	Anxiety disorders are a group of mental disorders characterized by significant feelings of anxiety and fear.
Bladder disorder	Urinary bladder disease includes urinary bladder inflammation such as cystitis, bladder rupture and bladder obstruction (tamponade).
Injection site haematoma	Injection site haematoma
Hepatitis C test negative	Hepatitis C test negative
Acid base balance normal	Acid base balance normal
Rotavirus test positive	Rotavirus test positive
Neurological examination	A neurological examination is the assessment of sensory neuron and motor responses, especially reflexes, to determine whether the nervous system is impaired.
Bilirubin urine	Bilirubin is a yellow compound that occurs in the normal catabolic pathway that breaks down heme in vertebrates.
Band neutrophil percentage	A band cell (also called band neutrophil, band form or stab cell) is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a metamyelocyte, and leading to a mature granulocyte.
Demyelinating polyneuropathy	Myelin is a lipid-rich (fatty) substance that surrounds nerve cell axons (the nervous system's wires) to insulate them and increase the rate at which information (encoded as electrical impulses) is passed along the axon.
Acute polyneuropathy	In medicine, describing a disease as acute denotes that it is of short duration and, as a corollary of that, of recent onset.
Arrested labour	An arrest is the act of apprehending a person and taking them into custody, usually because they have been suspected of committing a crime.
CSF lymphocyte count increased	CSF lymphocyte count increased
Blood albumin normal	Serum albumin, often referred to simply as blood albumin, is an albumin (a type of globular protein) found in vertebrate blood.
Complex partial seizures	Focal seizures (also called partial seizures and localized seizures) are seizures which affect initially only one hemisphere of the brain.
Cerebral artery occlusion	The cerebral arteries describe three main pairs of arteries and their branches, which perfuse the cerebrum of the brain.
Bleeding peripartum	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Alpha 1 foetoprotein amniotic fluid normal	Alpha 1 foetoprotein amniotic fluid normal
Accidental needle stick	A needlestick injury is the penetration of the skin by a hypodermic needle or other sharp object that has been in contact with blood, tissue or other body fluids before the exposure.
Frequent bowel movements	Frequent bowel movements
Cardiogenic shock	Cardiogenic shock (CS) is a medical emergency resulting from inadequate blood flow due to the dysfunction of the ventricles of the heart.
Aortic arteriosclerosis	The aorta ( ay-OR-tə) is the main and largest artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries).
Eructation	Burping (also called belching and eructation) is the release of gas from the upper digestive tract (esophagus and stomach) through the mouth.
CSF white blood cell count negative	CSF white blood cell count negative
Neurodermatitis	Lichen simplex chronicus (LSC) (also known as neurodermatitis) is a skin disorder characterized by chronic itching and scratching.
Lacrimal disorder	Lacrimal disorder
Coagulation test normal	Coagulation test normal
Alanine aminotransferase	Alanine transaminase (ALT) is a transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.2).
Cardiolipin antibody positive	Cardiolipin antibody positive
Epstein-Barr virus antibody positive	Epstein-Barr virus antibody positive
Affective disorder	Mood disorder, also known as mood affective disorders, is a group of conditions where a disturbance in the person's mood is the main underlying feature.
Joint hyperextension	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Facial spasm	Hemifacial spasm (HFS) is a rare neuromuscular disease characterized by irregular, involuntary muscle contractions (spasms) on one side (hemi-) of the face (-facial).
Scleritis	Scleritis is a serious inflammatory disease that affects the white outer coating of the eye, known as the sclera.
Biopsy kidney	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Apparent death	Apparent death, colloquially known as playing dead, feigning death, or playing possum, is a behavior in which animals take on the appearance of being dead.
Pharmaceutical product complaint	A drug is any substance that causes a change in an organism's physiology or psychology when consumed.Drugs are typically distinguished from food and substances that provide nutritional support.
Joint lock	A joint lock is a grappling technique involving manipulation of an opponent's joints in such a way that the joints reach their maximal degree of motion.
Antiacetylcholine receptor antibody positive	Antiacetylcholine receptor antibody positive
Blood grouping	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Endotracheal intubation	Tracheal intubation, usually simply referred to as intubation, is the placement of a flexible plastic tube into the trachea (windpipe) to maintain an open airway or to serve as a conduit through which to administer certain drugs.
Cardiac imaging procedure normal	Cardiac imaging procedure normal
Transient ischaemic attack	A transient ischemic attack (TIA) is a brief episode of neurological dysfunction caused by loss of blood flow (ischemia) in the brain, spinal cord, or retina, without tissue death (infarction).
Bacteria stool identified	Bacteria stool identified
Immunodeficiency	Immunodeficiency is a state in which the immune system's ability to fight infectious disease and cancer is compromised or entirely absent.
Bilirubin conjugated	Bilirubin is a yellow compound that occurs in the normal catabolic pathway that breaks down heme in vertebrates.
Blood albumin decreased	Serum albumin, often referred to simply as blood albumin, is an albumin (a type of globular protein) found in vertebrate blood.
Pneumothorax	A pneumothorax is an abnormal collection of air in the pleural space between the lung and the chest wall.
Allergic colitis	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Ovarian cyst	An ovarian cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the ovary.
Clavicle fracture	A clavicle fracture, also known as a broken collarbone, is a bone fracture of the clavicle.
Venous thrombosis	A venous thrombus is  a blood clot (thrombus) that forms within a vein.
Memory impairment	Amnesia is a deficit in memory caused by brain damage or disease, but it can also be caused temporarily by the use of various sedatives and hypnotic drugs.
Influenza serology negative	Influenza serology negative
Acoustic stimulation tests normal	Acoustic stimulation tests normal
Decreased immune responsiveness	Decreased immune responsiveness
Erysipeloid	In humans, Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae infections most commonly present in a mild cutaneous form known as erysipeloid  or fish poisoning.
C-reactive protein abnormal	C-reactive protein (CRP) is an annular (ring-shaped), pentameric protein found in blood plasma, whose circulating concentrations rise in response to inflammation.
Injection site injury	Injection site injury
Blood pressure orthostatic normal	Blood pressure orthostatic normal
Alopecia universalis	Alopecia universalis (AU) or alopecia areata universalis is a medical condition involving loss of all hair, including eyebrows and eyelashes.
Decreased activity	Decreased activity
Culture urine negative	Culture urine negative
Erythema of eyelid	Erythema of eyelid
Body height	Human height or stature is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head in a human body, standing erect.
Athetosis	Athetosis is a symptom characterized by slow, involuntary, convoluted, writhing movements of the fingers, hands, toes, and feet and in some cases, arms, legs, neck and tongue.
Exanthema subitum	Roseola is an infectious disease caused by certain types of virus.
Differential white blood cell count normal	Differential white blood cell count normal
Papilloma viral infection	Papilloma viral infection
Serology test	Serology is the scientific study of serum and other bodily fluids.
Immunisation	Immunization, or immunisation, is the process by which an individual's immune system becomes fortified against an agent (known as the immunogen).
Biopsy lymph gland abnormal	Biopsy lymph gland abnormal
Amoebic dysentery	Amoebiasis, also known amoebic dysentery, is an infection caused by any of the amobae of the Entamoeba group.
Acoustic stimulation tests	Acoustic stimulation tests
Aortic stenosis	Aortic stenosis (AS or AoS) is the narrowing  of the exit of the left ventricle of the heart (where the aorta begins), such that problems result.
Asthenopia	"Eye strain, also known as asthenopia (from Greek asthen-opia, ἀσθεν-ωπία, ""weak-eye-condition""), is an eye condition that manifests through nonspecific symptoms such as fatigue, pain in or around the eyes, blurred vision, headache, and occasional double vision."
Febrile infection	Fever, also known as pyrexia and febrile response, is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body's temperature set point.
Biopsy intestine abnormal	Biopsy intestine abnormal
Congenital rubella infection	Congenital rubella syndrome (CRS) can occur in a developing fetus of a pregnant woman who has contracted rubella, usually in the first trimester.
Eyelid disorder	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Biopsy intestine normal	Biopsy intestine normal
Basophil percentage increased	Basophil percentage increased
Breath sounds	Respiratory sounds refer to the specific sounds generated by the movement of air through the respiratory system.
Blood immunoglobulin A increased	Blood immunoglobulin A increased
Blood pH	Acid–base homeostasis is the homeostatic regulation of the pH of the body's extracellular fluid (ECF).
Application site cellulitis	Application site cellulitis
Skin reaction	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Eosinophil count decreased	Eosinophil count decreased
Schamberg's disease	"Schamberg's disease, (also known as ""progressive pigmentary dermatosis of Schamberg"", ""purpura pigmentosa progressiva"" (PPP), and ""Schamberg's purpura"") is a chronic discoloration of the skin found in people of all ages, usually only affecting the feet, legs or thighs or a combination."
Bacterial antigen positive	Bacterial antigen positive
Ileitis	Ileitis is an inflammation of the ileum, a portion of the small intestine.
Blood count	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Infection susceptibility increased	Infection susceptibility increased
Anterograde amnesia	Anterograde amnesia is a loss of the ability to create new memories after the event that caused amnesia, leading to a partial or complete inability to recall the recent past, while long-term memories from before the event remain intact.
Pancreatitis necrotising	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Blood prolactin normal	Blood prolactin normal
Asterixis	Asterixis is a tremor of the hand when the wrist is extended, sometimes said to resemble a bird flapping its wings.
Bacterial DNA test positive	Bacterial DNA test positive
Aspiration bone marrow abnormal	Aspiration bone marrow abnormal
Bovine tuberculosis	Mycobacterium bovis (M. bovis) is a slow-growing (16- to 20-hour generation time) aerobic bacterium and the causative agent of tuberculosis in cattle (known as bovine TB).
Basophil percentage decreased	Basophil percentage decreased
Iron deficiency anaemia	Iron-deficiency anemia is anemia caused by a lack of iron.
Jaundice neonatal	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Diarrhoea infectious	Diarrhea, also spelled diarrhoea, is the condition of having at least three loose, liquid, or watery bowel movements each day.
Mycoplasma infection	Mycoplasma is a mollicute genus of bacteria that lack a cell wall around their cell membranes.
Cholangiogram	Cholangiography is the imaging of the bile duct (also known as the biliary tree) by x-rays and an injection of contrast medium.
Blood magnesium decreased	Blood magnesium decreased
Optic neuropathy	Optic neuropathy is damage to the optic nerve from any cause.
Hypophagia	Hypophagia
Device malfunction	Device malfunction
Administration site pain	Administration site pain
Oedema mouth	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Depressed mood	Depression is a state of low mood and aversion to activity.
Bed rest	Bed rest, also referred to as the rest-cure, is a medical treatment in which a person lies in bed for most of the time to try to cure an illness.
Type III immune complex mediated reaction	Type III immune complex mediated reaction
Anti-HBc antibody negative	Anti-HBc antibody negative
Anti-HBc IgM antibody positive	Anti-HBc IgM antibody positive
Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody	Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody
Vena cava thrombosis	"The venae cavae (; from the Latin for ""hollow veins"", singular ""vena cava"" ) are two large veins (venous trunks) that return deoxygenated blood from the body into the heart."
Eosinophilic myocarditis	Eosinophilic myocarditis is inflammation in the heart muscle that is caused by the infiltration and destructive activity of a type of white blood cell, the eosinophil.
Alpha 1 foetoprotein normal	Alpha 1 foetoprotein normal
Anti-thyroid antibody negative	Anti-thyroid antibody negative
Combined immunodeficiency	Combined immunodeficiencies (or combined immunity deficiency) are immunodeficiency disorders that involve multiple components of the immune system, including both humoral immunity and cell-mediated immunity.
Acid base balance	Acid base balance
Pharyngeal erythema	Pharyngeal erythema
Colonoscopy normal	Colonoscopy () or coloscopy () is the endoscopic examination of the large bowel and the distal part of the small bowel with a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the anus.
Skin infection	An infection of the skin and skin structure is an infection—generally in humans, but relevant to other animals as well—of the animal's skin and associated soft tissues (such as loose connective tissue and mucous membranes).
Haemorrhage subcutaneous	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Endophthalmitis	Endophthalmitis is an inflammation of the interior of the eye.
Cervix carcinoma	Cervical cancer is a cancer arising from the cervix.
Injection site dermatitis	Injection site dermatitis
Dependent rubor	A dependant (British English) or dependent (American English) is a person who relies on another as a primary source of income.
Prostatitis	Prostatitis is inflammation of the prostate gland.
Restrictive cardiomyopathy	Restrictive cardiomyopathy (RCM) is a form of cardiomyopathy in which the walls of the heart are rigid (but not thickened).
Bladder diverticulum	A diverticulum is the medical or biological term for an outpouching of a hollow (or a fluid-filled) structure in the body.
Guttate psoriasis	Guttate psoriasis (also known as eruptive psoriasis) is a type of psoriasis that presents as small (0.5–1.5 cm in diameter) lesions over the upper trunk and proximal extremities; it is found frequently in young adults.
Musculoskeletal chest pain	Musculoskeletal chest pain
Coagulation time normal	Coagulation time normal
Acid base balance abnormal	Acid base balance abnormal
Hepatitis B antibody	Hepatitis B (HB) is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis B virus (HBV) that affects the liver.
Drug dispensing error	Drug dispensing error
Asthma exercise induced	Asthma exercise induced
Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody negative	Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody negative
Intestinal haemorrhage	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Aortic aneurysm	An aortic aneurysm is an enlargement (dilatation) of the aorta to greater than 1.5 times normal size.
Hepatitis B antibody abnormal	Hepatitis B antibody abnormal
Anal fissure	An anal fissure is a break or tear in the skin of the anal canal.
Campylobacter infection	Campylobacteriosis is an infection by the Campylobacter bacterium, most commonly C. jejuni.
Lipoatrophy	Lipoatrophy is the term describing the localized loss of fat tissue.
Histology	"Histology,
also known as microscopic anatomy or microanatomy, is the branch of biology which studies the microscopic anatomy of biological  tissues."
Adverse reaction	An adverse effect is an undesired harmful effect resulting from a medication or other intervention such as surgery.
Communication disorder	A communication disorder is any disorder that affects an individual's ability to comprehend, detect, or apply language and speech to engage in discourse effectively with others.
Blood gases normal	An arterial-blood gas (ABG) test measures the amounts of arterial gases, such as oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Albumin urine absent	Albumin urine absent
Allodynia	Allodynia refers to central pain sensitization (increased response of neurons) following normally non-painful, often repetitive, stimulation.
Basophil count decreased	Basophil count decreased
Pemphigus	Pemphigus ( or ) is a rare group of blistering autoimmune diseases that affect the skin and mucous membranes.
Blood bicarbonate normal	Blood bicarbonate normal
Bordetella test positive	Bordetella test positive
Respiratory syncytial virus infection	The virus, human respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV), a member of the species Human orthopneumovirus (formerly Human respiratory syncytial virus), is a syncytial virus that causes respiratory tract infections.
Acute respiratory failure	Respiratory failure results from inadequate gas exchange by the respiratory system, meaning that the arterial oxygen, carbon dioxide or both cannot be kept at normal levels.
Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positive vasculitis	Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody positive vasculitis
Anorectal discomfort	Anorectal anomalies are congenital malformations of the anus and rectum.
Birth mark	A birthmark is a congenital, benign irregularity on the skin which is present at birth or appears shortly after birth--usually in the first month.
Blood pH decreased	Acid–base homeostasis is the homeostatic regulation of the pH of the body's extracellular fluid (ECF).
Glomerulonephritis membranous	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Anti-HBe antibody negative	Anti-HBe antibody negative
Blood aluminium increased	Blood aluminium increased
Monoclonal immunoglobulin present	Monoclonal immunoglobulin present
Dissociative disorder	Dissociative disorders (DD) are conditions that involve disruptions or breakdowns of memory, awareness, identity, or perception.
Pneumonia mycoplasmal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Colonoscopy	Colonoscopy () or coloscopy () is the endoscopic examination of the large bowel and the distal part of the small bowel with a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the anus.
Haematology test normal	Haematology test normal
Acoustic stimulation tests abnormal	Acoustic stimulation tests abnormal
Myasthenia gravis	Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a long-term neuromuscular disease that leads to varying degrees of skeletal muscle weakness.
Antiphospholipid antibodies positive	Antiphospholipid syndrome or antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (APS or APLS), is an autoimmune, hypercoagulable state caused by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Culture throat positive	Culture throat positive
CSF oligoclonal band	CSF oligoclonal band
Alpha 1 globulin	The alpha-1 (α1) adrenergic receptor is a G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) associated with the Gq heterotrimeric G-protein.
Anaemia postoperative	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Autism spectrum disorder	Autism spectrum, also known as autism spectrum disorder (ASD), is a range of mental disorders of the neurodevelopmental type.
Extensive swelling of vaccinated limb	Extensive swelling of vaccinated limb
Ankyloglossia congenital	Ankyloglossia, also known as tongue-tie, is a congenital oral anomaly that may decrease mobility of the tongue tip and is caused by an unusually short, thick lingual frenulum, a membrane connecting the underside of the tongue to the floor of the mouth.
Biopsy stomach abnormal	Biopsy stomach abnormal
Feeling drunk	Feeling is the nominalization of the verb to feel.
Pleural fluid analysis	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Cardiac stress test	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Vaccination site pain	Vaccination site pain
Aldolase normal	Fructose-bisphosphate aldolase (EC 4.1.2.13), often just aldolase, is an enzyme catalyzing a reversible reaction that splits the aldol, fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, into the triose phosphates dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP) and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (G3P).
Biopsy lymph gland	Biopsy lymph gland
Presyncope	Lightheadedness is a common and typically unpleasant sensation of dizziness or a feeling that one may faint.
Amino acid level abnormal	Amino acid level abnormal
Blood mercury abnormal	Blood mercury abnormal
Brain malformation	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Vaginal haemorrhage	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Anal sphincter atony	The external anal sphincter  (or sphincter ani externus ) is a flat plane of skeletal muscle fibers, elliptical in shape and intimately adherent to the skin surrounding the margin of the anus.
Congenital nystagmus	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Hypertensive crisis	Severely elevated blood pressure (equal to or greater than a systolic 180 or diastolic of 110—sometimes termed malignant or accelerated hypertension) is referred to as a hypertensive crisis, as blood pressure at this level confers a high risk of complications.
Medical device complication	A medical device is any device intended to be used for medical purposes.
Body temperature normal	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Electroneurography	Electroneurography
CSF electrophoresis normal	CSF electrophoresis normal
Cerumen impaction	Earwax, also known by the medical term cerumen, is a brown, orange, red or yellowish waxy substance secreted in the ear canal of humans and other mammals.
Autoantibody negative	An autoantibody is an antibody (a type of protein) produced by the immune system that is directed against one or more of the individual's own proteins.
Photopsia	Photopsia is the presence of perceived flashes of light in the field of vision.
Altered visual depth perception	Altered visual depth perception
Embolism venous	An embolism is the lodging of an embolus, a blockage-causing piece of material, inside a blood vessel.
Adrenocortical insufficiency acute	Adrenal insufficiency is a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce adequate amounts of steroid hormones, primarily cortisol; but may also include impaired production of aldosterone (a mineralocorticoid), which regulates sodium conservation, potassium secretion, and water retention.
Enuresis	Enuresis is a repeated inability to control urination.
Haematological malignancy	Tumors of the hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues (American English) or tumours of the haematopoietic and lymphoid malignancies (British English) are tumors that affect the blood, bone marrow, lymph, and lymphatic system.
Drug exposure before pregnancy	Drug exposure before pregnancy
Deafness neurosensory	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Skin tightness	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
CSF cell count abnormal	CSF cell count abnormal
Lymphadenectomy	Lymphadenectomy or lymph node dissection is the surgical removal of one or more groups of lymph nodes.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging brain normal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging brain normal
Albumin urine present	Albumin urine present
Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma	Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) is a group of blood cancers that includes all types of lymphoma except Hodgkin's lymphomas.
Hypospadias	Hypospadias is a common variation in fetal development of the penis in which the urethra does not open from its usual location in the head of the penis.
Rheumatic fever	Rheumatic fever (RF) is an inflammatory disease that can involve the heart, joints, skin, and brain.
Fluid replacement	Fluid replacement or fluid resuscitation is the medical practice of replenishing bodily fluid lost through sweating, bleeding, fluid shifts or other pathologic processes.
Eosinophil count increased	Eosinophil count increased
CSF protein decreased	CSF protein decreased
Lymphoedema	Lymphedema, also known as lymphoedema and lymphatic edema, is a condition of localized fluid retention and tissue swelling caused by a compromised lymphatic system.
Depressive symptom	Major depressive disorder (MDD), also known simply as depression, is a mental disorder characterized by at least two weeks of low mood that is present across most situations.
Solar urticaria	Solar urticaria (SU) is a rare condition in which exposure to ultraviolet or UV radiation, or sometimes even visible light, induces a case of urticaria or hives that can appear in both covered and uncovered areas of the skin.
Blood creatine phosphokinase MB abnormal	Blood creatine phosphokinase MB abnormal
Abortion incomplete	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Asthmatic crisis	Asthma is a common long-term inflammatory disease of the airways of the lungs.
Injection site phlebitis	Injection site phlebitis
Cytomegalovirus test positive	Cytomegalovirus test positive
Ankylosing spondylitis	Ankylosing spondylitis (AS) is a type of arthritis in which there is a long-term inflammation of the joints of the spine.
B-cell lymphoma	The B-cell lymphomas are types of lymphoma affecting B cells.
Mononeuropathy multiplex	Peripheral neuropathy, often shortened to neuropathy, is a general term describing disease affecting the peripheral nerves, meaning nerves beyond the brain and spinal cord.
Thirst	Thirst is the craving for potable fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink.
Cardiac monitoring normal	Cardiac monitoring generally refers to continuous or intermittent monitoring of heart activity, generally by electrocardiography, with assessment of the patient's condition relative to their cardiac rhythm.
Babinski reflex test	The plantar reflex is a reflex elicited when the sole of the foot is stimulated with a blunt instrument.
CSF cell count normal	CSF cell count normal
Rotavirus test negative	Rotavirus test negative
Drug eruption	In medicine, a drug eruption is an adverse drug reaction of the skin.
Hallucination, auditory	Hallucination, auditory
Pulmonary arterial hypertension	Pulmonary hypertension (PH or PHTN) is a condition of increased blood pressure within the arteries of the lungs.
Pneumonia respiratory syncytial viral	Pneumonia respiratory syncytial viral
Haemophilus infection	Not to be confused with Haemophilia.
Blood phosphorus increased	Blood phosphorus increased
Cell death	Cell death is the event of a biological cell ceasing to carry out its functions.
Blood immunoglobulin A normal	Blood immunoglobulin A normal
Arthritis infective	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Lipids increased	In biology and biochemistry, a lipid is a biomolecule that is soluble in nonpolar solvents.
Gilbert's syndrome	Gilbert's syndrome (GS) is a mild liver disorder in which the liver does not properly process bilirubin.
Lumbar puncture normal	Lumbar puncture (LP), also known as a spinal tap, is a medical procedure in which a needle is inserted into the spinal canal, most commonly to collect cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) for diagnostic testing.
Beta haemolytic streptococcal infection	Beta haemolytic streptococcal infection
Cast application	Cast application
Parapsoriasis	Parapsoriasis refers to one of a group of skin disorders that are characterized primarily by their resemblance to psoriasis (red, scaly lesions), rather than by their underlying cause.
Blood albumin increased	Serum albumin, often referred to simply as blood albumin, is an albumin (a type of globular protein) found in vertebrate blood.
Rhabdomyolysis	Rhabdomyolysis is a condition in which damaged skeletal muscle breaks down rapidly.
Biopsy salivary gland abnormal	Biopsy salivary gland abnormal
Feeding disorder	A feeding disorder, in infancy or early childhood, is a child's refusal to eat certain food groups, textures, solids or liquids for a period of at least one month, which causes the child to not gain enough weight, grow naturally or cause any developmental delays.
Pneumococcal infection	A pneumococcal infection is an infection caused by the bacterium Streptococcus pneumoniae, which is also called the pneumococcus.
Post viral fatigue syndrome	Post viral fatigue syndrome
Colour blindness acquired	Color blindness, also known as color vision deficiency, is the decreased ability to see color or differences in color.
Gingival swelling	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody positive	Anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody positive
Cervix carcinoma stage 0	Cervix carcinoma stage 0
Heat rash	"Miliaria, also called ""sweat rash"", is a skin disease marked by small and itchy rashes due to sweat trapped under the skin by clogged sweat gland ducts."
Blood pressure abnormal	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Anisometropia	Anisometropia is the condition in which the two eyes have unequal refractive power.
Haemorrhagic disorder	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Breast feeding	Breastfeeding, also known as nursing, is the feeding of babies and young children with milk from a woman's breast.
Antiacetylcholine receptor antibody	Antiacetylcholine receptor antibody
Biopsy site unspecified abnormal	Biopsy site unspecified abnormal
Breast abscess	Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder, usually associated with breastfeeding.
Encephalomyelitis	Encephalomyelitis is inflammation of the brain and spinal cord.
Blood immunoglobulin M increased	Blood immunoglobulin M increased
Renal failure acute	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Meningoencephalitis bacterial	"Meningoencephalitis (; from Greek μῆνιγξ meninx, ""membrane"", ἐγκέφαλος, enképhalos ""brain"", and the medical suffix -itis, ""inflammation""), also known as herpes meningoencephalitis, is a medical condition that simultaneously resembles both meningitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the meninges, and encephalitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the brain."
Encephalitis brain stem	Encephalitis brain stem
Allergic oedema	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Nephropathy	Kidney disease, or renal disease, also known as nephropathy, is damage to or disease of a kidney.
Spindle cell sarcoma	Spindle cell sarcoma is a type of connective tissue cancer in which the cells are spindle-shaped when examined under a microscope.
Blood gases	An arterial-blood gas (ABG) test measures the amounts of arterial gases, such as oxygen and carbon dioxide.
Complement factor C3 decreased	Complement factor C3 decreased
Quadriparesis	Tetraplegia, also known as quadriplegia, is paralysis caused by illness or injury that results in the partial or total loss of use of all four limbs and torso; paraplegia is similar but does not affect the arms.
Cytomegalovirus infection	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Cow's milk intolerance	Milk is a nutrient-rich, white liquid food produced by the mammary glands of mammals.
Buried penis syndrome	Buried penis (also known as hidden penis) is a congenital or acquired condition, in which the penis is partially or completely hidden below the surface of the skin.
Oropharyngeal pain	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Cranial nerve disorder	Cranial nerve disease is an impaired functioning of one of the twelve cranial nerves.
Influenza A virus test positive	Influenza A virus test positive
Lymphocyte count increased	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Respiratory syncytial virus bronchiolitis	The virus, human respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV), a member of the species Human orthopneumovirus (formerly Human respiratory syncytial virus), is a syncytial virus that causes respiratory tract infections.
Congenital hypothyroidism	Congenital hypothyroidism (CH) is a condition of thyroid hormone deficiency present at birth.
Hyperplasia	"Hyperplasia (from ancient Greek ὑπέρ huper, ""over"" + πλάσις plasis, ""formation""), or hypergenesis, is an increase in the amount of organic tissue that results from cell proliferation."
Delivery	Delivery
Atrioventricular septal defect	"Atrioventricular septal defect (AVSD) or atrioventricular canal defect (AVCD), also known as ""common atrioventricular canal"" (CAVC) or ""endocardial cushion defect"" (ECD), is characterized by a deficiency of the atrioventricular septum of the heart."
Full blood count abnormal	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Ligament disorder	A ligament is the fibrous connect tissue that connects bones to other bones.
Blood immunoglobulin G abnormal	Blood immunoglobulin G abnormal
Adenovirus test	Adenoviruses (members of the family Adenoviridae) are medium-sized (90–100 nm), nonenveloped (without an outer lipid bilayer) viruses with an icosahedral nucleocapsid containing a double stranded DNA genome.
Alpha-1 anti-trypsin deficiency	Alpha-1 anti-trypsin deficiency
Neurogenic shock	Neurogenic shock is a distributive type of shock resulting in low blood pressure, occasionally with a slowed heart rate, that is attributed to the disruption of the autonomic pathways within the spinal cord.
Abortion spontaneous incomplete	Abortion spontaneous incomplete
Cardiac function test	Cardiac physiology or heart function is the study of healthy, unimpaired function of the heart: involving blood flow; myocardium structure; the electrical conduction system of the heart; the cardiac cycle and cardiac output and how these interact and depend on one another.
Complement factor increased	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Metrorrhagia	Intermenstrual bleeding, previously known as metrorrhagia, is uterine bleeding at irregular intervals, particularly between the expected menstrual periods.
Livedo reticularis	Livedo reticularis is a common skin finding consisting of a mottled reticulated vascular pattern that appears as a lace-like purplish discoloration of the skin.
Adenovirus test positive	Adenovirus test positive
Peripheral sensory neuropathy	Peripheral neuropathy, often shortened to neuropathy, is a general term describing disease affecting the peripheral nerves, meaning nerves beyond the brain and spinal cord.
Decreased eye contact	Decreased eye contact
Blood phosphorus decreased	Blood phosphorus decreased
Haemoglobin increased	Hemoglobin (American English) or haemoglobin (British English) (), abbreviated Hb or Hgb, is the iron-containing oxygen-transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells (erythrocytes) of almost all vertebrates (the exception being the fish family Channichthyidae) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates.
Dysmenorrhoea	Dysmenorrhea, also known as painful periods or menstrual cramps, is pain during menstruation.
Cyanosis central	Cyanosis is the  bluish or purplish discolouration of the skin or mucous membranes due to the tissues near the skin surface having low oxygen saturation.
Blood lactate dehydrogenase decreased	Blood lactate dehydrogenase decreased
Anticonvulsant drug level	Anticonvulsants (also commonly known as antiepileptic drugs or as antiseizure drugs) are a diverse group of pharmacological agents used in the treatment of epileptic seizures.
Drug hypersensitivity	A drug allergy is an allergy to a drug, most commonly a medication, and is a form of adverse drug reaction.
Delusion	A delusion is a firm and fixed belief based on inadequate grounds not amenable to rational argument or evidence to contrary, not in sync with regional, cultural and educational background.
Coma scale	A coma scale is a system to assess the severity of coma.
Cardiac monitoring	Cardiac monitoring generally refers to continuous or intermittent monitoring of heart activity, generally by electrocardiography, with assessment of the patient's condition relative to their cardiac rhythm.
CD4 lymphocytes increased	CD4 lymphocytes increased
Hordeolum	A stye, also known as a hordeolum, is a bacterial infection of an oil gland in the eyelid.
Sensation of foreign body	Sensation of foreign body
Staphylococcal infection	A staphylococcus infection or staph infection is an infection caused by members of the Staphylococcus genus of bacteria.
Anovulatory cycle	The anovulatory cycle is a menstrual cycle characterized by varying degrees of menstrual intervals and the absence of ovulation and a luteal phase.
Blepharospasm	Blepharospasm is any abnormal contraction or twitch of the eyelid.
Narcolepsy	Narcolepsy is a long-term neurological disorder that involves a decreased ability to regulate sleep-wake cycles.
Diaphragmatic paralysis	The thoracic diaphragm, or simply the diaphragm (Ancient Greek: διάφραγμα, romanized: diáphragma, lit.
Acute lymphocytic leukaemia recurrent	Acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) is a cancer of the lymphoid line of blood cells characterized by the development of large numbers of immature lymphocytes.
Vaccination site abscess	Vaccination site abscess
Cranial nerve injury	Cranial nerves are the nerves that emerge directly from the brain (including the brainstem), in contrast to spinal nerves (which emerge from segments of the spinal cord).
Blood pressure fluctuation	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Breath sounds absent	Respiratory sounds refer to the specific sounds generated by the movement of air through the respiratory system.
Immunoglobulin therapy	Immunoglobulin therapy, also known as normal human immunoglobulin (NHIG), is the use of a mixture of antibodies (immunoglobulins) to treat a number of health conditions.
Amoebiasis	Amoebiasis, also known amoebic dysentery, is an infection caused by any of the amobae of the Entamoeba group.
Glucose urine present	Glucose urine present
Decreased interest	Decreased interest
Productive cough	A cough is a sudden, and often repetitively occurring, protective reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from fluids, irritants, foreign particles and microbes.
Alpha hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase	Alpha hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase
Intercostal neuralgia	Intercostal muscles are several groups of muscles that run between the ribs, and help form and move the chest wall.
H1N1 influenza	Influenza (H1N1) virus is the subtype of influenza A virus that was the most common cause of human influenza (flu) in 2009, and is associated with the 1918 outbreak known as the Spanish flu.
Acupuncture	Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine and a key component of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) in which thin needles are inserted into the body.
Faecal vomiting	Faecal vomiting
Joint contracture	This article refers to permanent shortening of muscles, tendons, or ligaments.
Clostridial infection	The Clostridia are a highly polyphyletic class of Firmicutes, including Clostridium and other similar genera.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging abnormal	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Cerebral ventricle dilatation	The ventricular system is a set of four interconnected cavities (ventricles) in the brain, where the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is produced.
Administration related reaction	Administration related reaction
Measles post vaccine	Measles post vaccine
Acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis	Acute generalised exanthematous pustulosis
Cerebral artery embolism	The cerebral arteries describe three main pairs of arteries and their branches, which perfuse the cerebrum of the brain.
Underdose	An infusion pump infuses fluids, medication or nutrients into a patient's circulatory system.
Vaccination site erythema	Vaccination site erythema
Alpha tumour necrosis factor increased	Alpha tumour necrosis factor increased
Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease	Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a type of obstructive lung disease characterized by long-term breathing problems and poor airflow.
Gastrointestinal necrosis	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Extraocular muscle disorder	The extraocular muscles are the six muscles that control movement of the eye and one muscle that controls eyelid elevation (levator palpebrae).
Mucosal discolouration	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Enterostomy	An enterostomy (entero- + -stomy; ) is either (1) a surgical procedure to create a durable opening (called a stoma) through the abdominal wall into an intestine (small intestine or large intestine) or (2) the stoma thus created.
Agnosia	Agnosia is the inability to process sensory information.
Blood creatine phosphokinase MB	Blood creatine phosphokinase MB
Base excess increased	In physiology, base excess and base deficit refer to an excess or deficit, respectively, in the amount of base present in the blood.
Blood chloride increased	Blood chloride increased
Rash pustular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Congenital inguinal hernia	Congenital inguinal hernia
Adenoidal hypertrophy	Adenoidal hypertrophy
Cytogenetic analysis normal	Cytogenetics is a branch of genetics that is concerned with how the chromosomes relate to cell behaviour, particularly to their behaviour during mitosis and meiosis.
Excessive ocular convergence	Excessive ocular convergence
Breath odour	Breathing (or ventilation)  is the process of moving air into and out of the lungs to facilitate gas exchange with the internal environment, mostly by bringing in oxygen and flushing out carbon dioxide.
Vaccination site reaction	Vaccination site reaction
Vulval ulceration	A genital ulcer is located on the genital area, usually caused by sexually transmitted diseases such as genital herpes, syphilis or  chancroid.
Biopsy colon abnormal	Biopsy colon abnormal
Compression fracture	A compression fracture is a collapse of a vertebra.
Dermoid cyst	A dermoid cyst is a teratoma of a cystic nature that contains an array of developmentally mature, solid tissues.
Blood homocysteine normal	Blood homocysteine normal
HLA marker study positive	HLA marker study positive
Aspiration bronchial	In medicine, devices are sometimes necessary to create suction.
Food intolerance	Food intolerance is a detrimental reaction, often delayed, to a food, beverage, food additive, or compound found in foods that produces symptoms in one or more body organs and systems, but generally refers to reactions other than food allergy.
Nephritic syndrome	Nephritic syndrome  is a syndrome comprising signs of nephritis, which is kidney disease involving inflammation.
Echocardiogram abnormal	An echocardiography, echocardiogram, cardiac echo or simply an echo, is an ultrasound of the heart.
Genital haemorrhage	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Extravasation	Extravasation is the leakage of a fluid out of its container.
Incorrect storage of drug	Incorrect storage of drug
VIIth nerve paralysis	VIIth nerve paralysis
CSF glucose normal	CSF glucose or glycorrhachia is a measurement used to determine the concentration of glucose in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Blood gonadotrophin normal	Blood gonadotrophin normal
Gastrointestinal surgery	Digestive system surgery, or gastrointestinal surgery, can be divided into upper GI surgery and lower GI surgery.
Brown-Sequard syndrome	Brown-Séquard syndrome (also known as Brown-Séquard's hemiplegia, Brown-Séquard's paralysis, hemiparaplegic syndrome, hemiplegia et hemiparaplegia spinalis, or spinal hemiparaplegia) is caused by damage to one half of the spinal cord, i.e.
Cardiac murmur	Heart murmurs are heart sounds produced when blood is pumped across a heart valve and creates a sound loud enough to be heard with a stethoscope.
Acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans	Acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans (ACA)  is a skin rash indicative of the third or late stage of European Lyme borreliosis.
Yellow skin	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Abdominal wall disorder	In anatomy, the abdominal wall represents the boundaries of the abdominal cavity.
Bruxism	Bruxism is excessive teeth grinding or jaw clenching.
Anti-SS-A antibody positive	Anti-SS-A antibody positive
Latex allergy	Latex allergy is a medical term encompassing a range of allergic reactions to the proteins present in natural rubber latex.
Serology abnormal	Serology is the scientific study of serum and other bodily fluids.
Bordetella infection	Bordetella () is a genus of small (0.2 – 0.7 µm), Gram-negative coccobacilli of the phylum Proteobacteria.
Jaundice cholestatic	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Borrelia test negative	Borrelia test negative
Hepatitis B surface antigen negative	HBsAg (also known as the Australia antigen) is the surface antigen of the hepatitis B virus (HBV).
Congenital hepatitis B infection	Congenital hepatitis B infection
Death neonatal	Death is the permanent cessation of all biological functions that sustain a living organism.
Cold agglutinins	Cold sensitive antibodies (CSA) are antibodies sensitive to cold temperature.
Abnormal loss of weight	Weight loss, in the context of medicine, health, or physical fitness, refers to a reduction of the total body mass, due to a mean loss of fluid, body fat or adipose tissue or lean mass, namely bone mineral deposits, muscle, tendon, and other connective tissue.
Biopsy bladder normal	Biopsy bladder normal
Similar reaction on previous exposure to drug	Similar reaction on previous exposure to drug
Pseudocroup	Croup, also known as laryngotracheobronchitis, is a type of respiratory infection that is usually caused by a virus.
Dermatophytosis	Dermatophytosis, also known as ringworm, is a fungal infection of the skin.
Skin plaque	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Lip oedema	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Amputation	Amputation is the removal of a limb by trauma, medical illness, or surgery.
Electroneuromyography	Electromyoneurography (EMNG) is the combined use of electromyography and electroneurography This technique allows for the measurement of a peripheral nerve’s conduction velocity upon stimulation (electroneurography) alongside electrical recording of muscular activity (electromyography).
Gastrointestinal viral infection	Gastrointestinal viral infection
Cardiac perforation	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Arterial occlusive disease	Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is an abnormal narrowing of arteries other than those that supply the heart or brain.
Atypical mycobacterial infection	Atypical mycobacterial infection
Electric shock	Electrical injury is a physiological reaction caused by electric current passing through the body.
Genital erosion	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Sensory loss	Many types of sense loss occur due to a dysfunctional sensation process, whether it be ineffective receptors, nerve damage, or cerebral impairment.
Fundoscopy abnormal	Ophthalmoscopy, also called funduscopy, is a test that allows a health professional to see inside the fundus of the eye and other structures using an ophthalmoscope (or funduscope).
Oral herpes	Gingivostomatitis is a combination of gingivitis and stomatitis, or an inflammation of the oral mucosa and gingiva.
Calicivirus test positive	Calicivirus test positive
Polydipsia	Polydipsia is excessive thirst or excess drinking.
Catheterisation cardiac abnormal	Catheterisation cardiac abnormal
Catheterisation cardiac normal	Catheterisation cardiac normal
Ear, nose and throat examination normal	Ear, nose and throat examination normal
Acute pulmonary oedema	Pulmonary edema is fluid accumulation in the tissue and air spaces of the lungs.
Fear	Fear is a feeling induced by perceived danger or threat that occurs in certain types of organisms, which causes a change in metabolic and organ functions and ultimately a change in behavior, such as fleeing, hiding, or freezing from perceived traumatic events.
Hepatitis B DNA assay positive	Hepatitis B DNA assay positive
Vomiting projectile	Vomiting is the involuntary, forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose.Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may be present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation.
Alpha tumour necrosis factor	Alpha tumour necrosis factor
Analgesic therapy	An analgesic or painkiller is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve analgesia, relief from pain.
Erythema annulare	Erythema anulare centrifugum (EAC), is a descriptive term for a class of skin lesion presenting redness (erythema) in a ring form (anulare) that spreads from a center (centrifugum).
Optic disc disorder	The optic disc or optic nerve head is the point of exit for ganglion cell axons leaving the eye.
Pneumonia streptococcal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Renal transplant	Kidney transplantation or renal transplantation is the organ transplant of a kidney into a patient with end-stage renal disease.
Gastroenteritis viral	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Anal pap smear	An anal Pap smear is the anal counterpart of the cervical Pap smear.
Dengue fever	Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne tropical disease caused by the dengue virus.
Alpha hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase increased	Alpha hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase increased
Hypotonia neonatal	Hypotonia, commonly known as floppy baby syndrome, is a state of low muscle tone (the amount of tension or resistance to stretch in a muscle), often involving reduced muscle strength.
White blood cell count increased	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Cardiovascular function test normal	Cardiovascular function test normal
Chlamydia test positive	Chlamydia test positive
Moaning	Paralanguage, also known as vocalics, is a component of meta-communication that may modify meaning, give nuanced meaning, or convey emotion, by using techniques such as prosody, pitch, volume, intonation, etc.
Eczema impetiginous	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Neurological examination normal	A neurological examination is the assessment of sensory neuron and motor responses, especially reflexes, to determine whether the nervous system is impaired.
International normalised ratio increased	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Norovirus test positive	Norovirus test positive
Neutrophil count decreased	Neutrophil count decreased
Lymphocyte percentage	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Empyema	An empyema is a collection or gathering of pus within a naturally existing anatomical cavity.
Vaccination site inflammation	Vaccination site inflammation
Blood cortisol normal	Blood cortisol normal
Abulia	"Aboulia or abulia (from Greek: βουλή, meaning ""will""), in neurology, refers to a lack of will or initiative and can be seen as a disorder of diminished motivation (DDM)."
Glossodynia	Burning mouth syndrome (BMS) is a burning sensation in the mouth with no underlying known dental or medical cause.
Cutis rhomboidalis nuchae	Cutis rhomboidalis nuchae is a skin condition of the posterior neck, characterized by deep furrowing of the skin.
Slow response to stimuli	Slow response to stimuli
Albumin globulin ratio	Albumin globulin ratio
Dysentery	Dysentery is an inflammatory disease of the intestine, especially of the colon, which always results in severe diarrhea and abdominal pains.
Proteinuria	Proteinuria is the presence of excess proteins in the urine.
Albumin CSF abnormal	Albumin CSF abnormal
Anticoagulant therapy	Anticoagulants, commonly known as blood thinners, are chemical substances that prevent or reduce coagulation of blood, prolonging the clotting time.
Bacterial sepsis	Sepsis is a life-threatening condition that arises when the body's response to infection causes injury to its own tissues and organs.
Musculoskeletal disorder	Musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) are injuries or pain in the human musculoskeletal system, including the joints, ligaments, muscles, nerves, tendons, and structures that support limbs, neck and back.
Nephritis allergic	Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys and may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or interstitial tissue surrounding the glomeruli and tubules.
Aphagia	Aphagia is the inability or refusal to swallow.
Retained placenta or membranes	Retained placenta or membranes
Atopy	Atopy is a predisposition toward developing certain allergic hypersensitivity reactions.
Lichen planus	Lichen planus is a chronic inflammatory and immune mediated disease that affects the skin, nails, hair, and mucous membranes.
Cervix carcinoma stage I	Cervix carcinoma stage I
Acute lung injury	Acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) is a type of respiratory failure characterized by rapid onset of widespread inflammation in the lungs.
Varicella	Chickenpox, also known as varicella, is a highly contagious disease caused by the initial infection with varicella zoster virus (VZV).
Cyst aspiration	A cyst is a closed sac, having a distinct membrane and division compared with the nearby tissue.
Foreign travel	Foreign travel
Continuous positive airway pressure	Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a form of positive airway pressure ventilator, which applies mild air pressure on a continuous basis to keep the airways continuously open in people who are able to breathe spontaneously on their own, but need help keeping the airway open.
Daydreaming	Daydreaming is the stream of consciousness that detaches from current external tasks when attention drifts to a more personal and internal direction.
Face crushing	The face is the front of an animal's head that features three of the head's sense organs, the eyes, nose, and mouth, and through which animals express many of their emotions.
Acute stress disorder	Acute stress disorder (ASD, also known as an acute stress reaction, psychological shock, mental shock, or simply shock) is a psychological response to a terrifying, traumatic, or surprising experience.
Bowel movement irregularity	Defecation is the final act of digestion, by which organisms eliminate solid, semisolid, or liquid waste material from the digestive tract via the anus.
Immunology test	Immunology is a branch of biology that covers the study of immune systems in all organisms.
Generalised anxiety disorder	Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is an anxiety disorder characterized by excessive, uncontrollable and often irrational worry about events or activities.
Interstitial granulomatous dermatitis	Interstitial granulomatous dermatitis with arthritis is a condition that most commonly presents with symmetrical round-to-oval erythematous or violaceous plaques on the flanks, axillae, inner thighs, and lower abdomen.
Eye pruritus	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Dermatitis psoriasiform	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Borrelia test	Borrelia is a genus of bacteria of the spirochete phylum.
CSF protein	CSF protein
Biopsy bladder	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Ulcerative keratitis	Corneal ulcer is an inflammatory or, more seriously, infective condition of the cornea involving disruption of its epithelial layer with involvement of the corneal stroma.
Increased tendency to bruise	Increased tendency to bruise
Echography normal	Medical ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound.
Respiratory depression	"Hypoventilation (also known as respiratory depression) occurs when ventilation is inadequate (hypo meaning ""below"") to perform needed gas exchange."
Influenza virus test negative	Influenza virus test negative
Culture	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Acinetobacter test positive	Acinetobacter test positive
Increased bronchial secretion	Increased bronchial secretion
Lymphangitis	For discussion of the condition in horses, see Equine Lymphangitis.Lymphangitis is an inflammation or an infection of the lymphatic channels that occurs as a result of infection at a site distal to the channel.
Bursa disorder	Bursa is a large city in Turkey, located in northwestern Anatolia, within the Marmara Region.
Injection site irritation	Injection site irritation
Coagulation factor increased	Coagulation, also known as clotting, is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a blood clot.
Bronchoalveolar lavage abnormal	Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) [not to be confused with bronchial washing], is a medical procedure in which a bronchoscope is passed through the mouth or nose into the lungs and fluid is squirted into a small part of the lung and then collected for examination.
Exostosis	An exostosis, also known as bone spur, is the formation of new bone on the surface of a bone.
Product quality issue	In business, engineering, and manufacturing, quality has a pragmatic interpretation as the non-inferiority or superiority of something; it's also defined as being suitable for its intended purpose (fitness for purpose) while satisfying customer expectations.
Pyelonephritis acute	Pyelonephritis  is inflammation of the kidney, typically due to a bacterial infection.
Vaccination site cellulitis	Vaccination site cellulitis
Human papilloma virus test positive	Human papilloma virus test positive
Varicella post vaccine	Varicella post vaccine
Blood corticotrophin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Needle issue	Needle issue
Blood pressure systolic decreased	Blood pressure systolic decreased
Staring	Staring is a prolonged gaze or fixed look.
Ulcer	An ulcer is a discontinuity or break in a bodily membrane that impedes normal function of the affected organ.
Muscle haemorrhage	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Atrial tachycardia	Atrial tachycardia is a type of heart rhythm problem in which the heart's electrical impulse comes from an ectopic pacemaker (that is, an abnormally located cardiac pacemaker) in the upper chambers (atria) of the heart, rather than from the sinoatrial node, the normal origin of the heart's electrical activity.
Muscle spasticity	Spasticity  (from Greek  spasmos-, meaning 'drawing, pulling') is a feature of altered skeletal muscle performance with a combination of paralysis, increased tendon reflex activity, and hypertonia.
Amino acid level	Amino acids are organic compounds that contain amine (-NH2) and carboxyl (-COOH) functional groups, along with a side chain (R group) specific to each amino acid.
Paraesthesia oral	Paresthesia (or paraesthesia) is an abnormal dermal sensation (e.g., a tingling, pricking, chilling, burning, or numb sensation on the skin) with no apparent physical cause.
Basilar migraine	A migraine is a primary headache disorder characterized by recurrent headaches that are moderate to severe.
Automatism	Automatism refers to a set of brief unconscious behaviors.
Odynophagia	Odynophagia is pain when swallowing.
Splenectomy	A splenectomy is the surgical procedure that partially or completely removes the spleen.
Nodule	In medicine, nodules are solid, elevated areas of tissue or fluid inside or under the skin with a diameter greater than 0.5 centimeters.
Palatal oedema	The palate  is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals.
Blood thyroid stimulating hormone	Blood thyroid stimulating hormone
Herpes zoster ophthalmic	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Pneumonia viral	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Mechanical ventilation	Mechanical ventilation, or assisted ventilation, is the medical term for artificial ventilation where mechanical means are used to assist or replace spontaneous breathing.
Allergy to chemicals	Allergy to chemicals
Thalamus haemorrhage	"The thalamus (from Greek θάλαμος, ""chamber"") is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness.It is a midline symmetrical structure of two halves, within the vertebrate brain,  situated between the cerebral cortex and the midbrain."
Bordetella test	Bordetella () is a genus of small (0.2 – 0.7 µm), Gram-negative coccobacilli of the phylum Proteobacteria.
Drug administered to patient of inappropriate age	Drug administered to patient of inappropriate age
Astrovirus test positive	Astrovirus test positive
Bradyphrenia	Bradyphrenia is the slowness of thought common to many disorders of the brain.
Injection site joint inflammation	Injection site joint inflammation
Brain contusion	Cerebral contusion, Latin contusio cerebri, a form of traumatic brain injury, is a bruise of the brain tissue.
Accessory spleen	An accessory spleen is a small nodule of splenic tissue found apart from the main body of the spleen.
Breast cancer recurrent	Breast cancer is cancer that develops from breast tissue.
Anal pap smear abnormal	An anal Pap smear is the anal counterpart of the cervical Pap smear.
Enterovirus test positive	Enterovirus test positive
Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody	Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody (anti-GBM Ab) is an antibody which is found in Goodpasture's syndrome but not found in microscopic polyangiitis.
Ear tube insertion	Tympanostomy tube, also known as a grommet or myringotomy tube, is a small tube inserted into the eardrum in order to keep the middle ear aerated for a prolonged period of time, and to prevent the accumulation of fluid in the middle ear.
Audiogram	An audiogram is a graph that shows the audible threshold for standardized frequencies as measured by an audiometer.
Hearing aid user	A hearing aid is a device designed to improve hearing by making sound audible to a person with hearing loss.
Bradyarrhythmia	Bradycardia is a condition typically defined wherein an individual has a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM) in adults.
Haemophilus test positive	Haemophilus test positive
Graft loss	Graft loss
Pneumococcal sepsis	Streptococcus pneumoniae, or pneumococcus, is a Gram-positive, alpha-hemolytic (under aerobic conditions) or beta-hemolytic (under anaerobic conditions), facultative anaerobic member of the genus Streptococcus.
Mitochondrial cytopathy	Mitochondrial diseases are a group of disorders caused by dysfunctional mitochondria, the organelles that generate energy for the cell.
Cystic fibrosis	Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a genetic disorder that affects mostly the lungs, but also the pancreas, liver, kidneys, and intestine.
Corynebacterium infection	Corynebacterium () is a genus of bacteria that are Gram-positive and aerobic.
CD4 lymphocytes	In molecular biology, CD4 (cluster of differentiation 4) is a glycoprotein found on the surface of immune cells such as T helper cells, monocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells.
Bronchial secretion retention	Bronchial secretion retention
11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency	11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency
Application site scar	Application site scar
Drug withdrawal syndrome neonatal	Drug withdrawal is the group of symptoms that occur upon the abrupt discontinuation or decrease in intake of medications or recreational drugs.
Vaccination site induration	Vaccination site induration
Abdominal wound dehiscence	Abdominal trauma is an injury to the abdomen.
HLA marker study	HLA marker study
Posture abnormal	"A good posture refers to the ""three natural curves [that] are present in a healthy spine.""."
Calcinosis	Calcinosis is the formation of calcium deposits in any soft tissue.
Eosinophil percentage increased	Eosinophil percentage increased
Abortion late	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Meningeal disorder	The meninges (, singular: meninx ( or ), from Ancient Greek: μῆνιγξ, romanized: mēninx, lit.
Bronchopulmonary aspergillosis	Bronchopulmonary aspergillosis
Skin papilloma	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Hepatic haemorrhage	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Fracture	A fracture is the separation of an object or material into two or more pieces under the action of stress.
Blood methaemoglobin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Haematology test abnormal	Haematology test abnormal
CSF white blood cell count increased	CSF white blood cell count increased
Acute haemorrhagic oedema of infancy	Acute haemorrhagic oedema of infancy
Antibiotic resistant Staphylococcus test	Antibiotic resistant Staphylococcus test
Blood bilirubin normal	Blood bilirubin normal
Urinary tract infection	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Breast inflammation	Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder, usually associated with breastfeeding.
Facial asymmetry	Facial symmetry is one specific measure of bodily asymmetry.
Blood creatine phosphokinase decreased	Blood creatine phosphokinase decreased
Circadian rhythm sleep disorder	Circadian rhythm sleep disorders (CRSD) are a family of sleep disorders which affect the timing of sleep.
Cerebellar hypoplasia	Cerebellar hypoplasia is characterized by reduced cerebellar volume even though cerebellar shape is (near) normal.
Trigeminal neuralgia	Trigeminal neuralgia (TN or TGN) is a chronic pain disorder that affects the trigeminal nerve.
Histamine level	Histamine is an organic nitrogenous compound involved in local immune responses, as well as regulating physiological function in the gut and acting as a neurotransmitter for the brain, spinal cord, and uterus.
Maternal exposure during pregnancy	Maternal exposure during pregnancy
Burkitt's lymphoma	Burkitt lymphoma is a cancer of the lymphatic system, particularly B lymphocytes found in the germinal center.
Brain hypoxia	Cerebral hypoxia is a form of hypoxia (reduced supply of oxygen), specifically involving the brain; when the brain is completely deprived of oxygen, it is called cerebral anoxia.
Measles	Measles is a highly contagious infectious disease caused by the measles virus.
Cytogenetic analysis abnormal	Cytogenetics is a branch of genetics that is concerned with how the chromosomes relate to cell behaviour, particularly to their behaviour during mitosis and meiosis.
Acquired claw toe	Acquired claw toe
Adenotonsillectomy	Tonsillectomy is a surgical procedure in which both palatine tonsils are fully removed from the back of the throat.
Biopsy heart	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Obstructive airways disorder	Obstructive airways disorder
Aspiration pleural cavity abnormal	Aspiration pleural cavity abnormal
Blood HIV RNA below assay limit	Blood HIV RNA below assay limit
Eosinophil count	Eosinophils, sometimes called eosinophiles or, less commonly, acidophils, are a variety of white blood cells and one of the immune system components responsible for combating multicellular parasites and certain infections in vertebrates.
Atrioventricular block first degree	Atrioventricular block first degree
Gestational hypertension	Gestational hypertension or pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) is the development of new hypertension in a pregnant woman after 20 weeks' gestation without the presence of protein in the urine or other signs of pre-eclampsia.
Scan abnormal	Scan abnormal
Heart rate abnormal	Heart rate is the speed of the heartbeat measured by the number of contractions (beats) of the heart per minute (bpm).
Alpha-2 macroglobulin increased	alpha-2-Macroglobulin (α2M) is a large (720 KDa) plasma protein found in the blood.
Excoriation	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Maternal exposure before pregnancy	Maternal exposure before pregnancy
Bed sharing	Co-sleeping is a practice in which babies and young children sleep close to one or both parents, as opposed to in a separate room.
Cerebellar atrophy	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Acquired epileptic aphasia	Acquired epileptic aphasia
Type I hypersensitivity	Not to be confused with Type I Diabetes or Type I of any other disease or reaction.Type I hypersensitivity (or immediate hypersensitivity) is an allergic reaction provoked by re-exposure to a specific type of antigen referred to as an allergen.
Breast mass	A breast mass, also known as a breast lump, is a localized swellings that feel different from the surrounding tissue.
Alphavirus test	In biology and immunology, an Alphavirus belongs to group IV of the Baltimore classification of the Togaviridae family of viruses, according to the system of classification based on viral genome composition introduced by David Baltimore in 1971.
Blood cholinesterase increased	Blood cholinesterase increased
Biopsy lung	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Cardiac pacemaker insertion	The contraction of cardiac muscle (heart muscle) in all animals is initiated by electrical impulses known as action potentials.
Injection site erosion	Injection site erosion
Pupil fixed	The pupil is a black hole located in the center of the iris of the eye that allows light to strike the retina.
Incoherent	Incoherent
Cardiac enzymes increased	Cardiac markers are biomarkers measured to evaluate heart function.
Electrocardiogram ambulatory	Electrocardiography is the process of producing an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG), a recording – a graph of voltage versus time – of the electrical activity of the heart using electrodes placed on the skin.
Anti-ganglioside antibody	Antiganglioside antibodies that react to self-gangliosides are found in autoimmune neuropathies.
Application site swelling	Application site swelling
Sensory disturbance	Sensory ecology is a relatively new field focusing on the information organisms obtain about their environment.
Lymph gland infection	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Craniocerebral injury	Craniocerebral injury
Ear discomfort	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Arachnoid cyst	Arachnoid cysts are cerebrospinal fluid covered by arachnoidal cells and collagen that may develop between the surface of the brain and the cranial base or on the arachnoid membrane, one of the three meningeal layers that cover the brain and the spinal cord.
Intracranial venous sinus thrombosis	Intracranial venous sinus thrombosis
Subarachnoid haemorrhage	Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) is bleeding into the subarachnoid space—the area between the arachnoid membrane and the pia mater surrounding the brain.
Floppy infant	Hypotonia, commonly known as floppy baby syndrome, is a state of low muscle tone (the amount of tension or resistance to stretch in a muscle), often involving reduced muscle strength.
Adverse event following immunisation	Adverse event following immunisation
Procalcitonin increased	Procalcitonin (PCT) is a peptide precursor of the hormone calcitonin, the latter being involved with calcium homeostasis.
Hepatitis B surface antibody negative	Hepatitis B surface antibody negative
Angiogram retina abnormal	Angiogram retina abnormal
Cytomegalovirus test negative	Cytomegalovirus test negative
Blood amylase normal	Blood amylase normal
Coxsackie viral infection	Coxsackie viral infection
Ear pruritus	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Blood cholesterol normal	Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, either free or bound to other molecules.
Artificial rupture of membranes	Artificial rupture of membranes (AROM), also known as an amniotomy, is performed by a midwife or obstetrician and was once thought to be an effective means to induce or accelerate labor.
Blood brain barrier defect	The blood–brain barrier (BBB) is a highly selective semipermeable border that separates the circulating blood from the brain and extracellular fluid in the central nervous system (CNS).
Anal haemorrhage	Anal haemorrhage
Eosinophilia myalgia syndrome	Eosinophilia–myalgia syndrome is an incurable and sometimes fatal flu-like neurological condition linked to the ingestion of the dietary supplement L-tryptophan.
Dermatitis diaper	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Menstruation irregular	Menstruation, also known as a period or monthly, is the regular discharge of blood and mucosal tissue (known as menses) from the inner lining of the uterus through the vagina.
Antithrombin III decreased	Antithrombin (AT) is a small protein molecule that inactivates several enzymes of the coagulation system.
Antibiotic resistant Staphylococcus test negative	Antibiotic resistant Staphylococcus test negative
Antithrombin III	Antithrombin (AT) is a small protein molecule that inactivates several enzymes of the coagulation system.
Breast cancer female	Breast cancer is cancer that develops from breast tissue.
Imaging procedure	Imaging procedure
Visual impairment	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
Histiocytosis haematophagic	In medicine, histiocytosis is an excessive number of histiocytes (tissue macrophages), and the term is also often used to refer to a group of rare diseases which share this sign as a characteristic.
Grip strength decreased	Grip strength is the force applied by the hand to pull on or suspend from objects and is a specific part of hand strength.
Cervix neoplasm	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
Anticonvulsant drug level increased	Anticonvulsant drug level increased
Intestinal obstruction	Bowel obstruction, also known as intestinal obstruction, is a mechanical or functional obstruction of the intestines which prevents the normal movement of the products of digestion.
Localised infection	Localised infection
Chordae tendinae rupture	The chordae tendineae (tendinous cords), colloquially known as the heart strings, are tendon-resembling fibrous cords of connective tissue that connect the papillary muscles to the tricuspid valve and the bicuspid valve in the heart.
Muscle rigidity	Hypertonia is a term sometimes used synonymously with spasticity and rigidity in the literature surrounding damage to the central nervous system, namely upper motor neuron lesions.
Cardiac monitoring abnormal	Cardiac monitoring generally refers to continuous or intermittent monitoring of heart activity, generally by electrocardiography, with assessment of the patient's condition relative to their cardiac rhythm.
Dreamy state	Dreamy is the fourth album by indie rock band Beat Happening.
Culture wound	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Upper limb fracture	The upper limb or upper extremity is the region in a vertebrate animal extending from the deltoid region up to and including the hand, including the arm, axilla and shoulder.
Incontinence	Fecal incontinence (FI), also known as anal incontinence, or in some forms encopresis, is a lack of control over defecation, leading to involuntary loss of bowel contents—including flatus (gas), liquid stool elements and mucus, or solid feces.
Corneal graft rejection	Corneal transplantation, also known as corneal grafting, is a surgical procedure where a damaged or diseased cornea is replaced by donated corneal tissue (the graft).
Endoscopy upper gastrointestinal tract abnormal	Endoscopy upper gastrointestinal tract abnormal
Application site pain	Application site pain
Injection site joint pain	Injection site joint pain
Vaccination site rash	Vaccination site rash
Conjunctival oedema	Chemosis is the swelling (or edema) of the conjunctiva.
Anti-VGKC antibody	Anti-VGKC antibody
Eosinophilic pneumonia chronic	Eosinophilic pneumonia is a disease in which an eosinophil, a type of white blood cell, accumulates in the lungs.
Pupillary disorder	The pupil is a black hole located in the center of the iris of the eye that allows light to strike the retina.
Bladder cancer	Bladder cancer is any of several types of cancer arising from the tissues of the urinary bladder.
Bronchial wall thickening	Bronchial wall thickening
Serum sickness-like reaction	Serum sickness–like reactions (SSLRs) refer to adverse reactions that have symptoms similar to those of serum sickness (type III immune complex hypersensitivity) but in which immune complexes are not found.
Bladder perforation	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Ear, nose and throat examination abnormal	Ear, nose and throat examination abnormal
Carbuncle	A carbuncle is a cluster of boils caused by bacterial infection, most commonly with Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes.
Bronchial disorder	A bronchus is a passage or airway in the respiratory system that conducts air into the lungs.
Cochlea implant	A cochlear implant (CI) is a surgically implanted neuroprosthetic device to provide a person with moderate to profound sensorineural hearing loss a modified sense of sound.
Pulmonary fibrosis	"Pulmonary fibrosis (literally ""scarring of the lungs"") is a respiratory disease in which scars are formed in the lung tissues, leading to serious breathing problems."
Haematocrit normal	The hematocrit () (Ht or HCT), also known by several other names, is a blood test that measures the volume percentage (vol%) of red blood cells (RBC) in blood.
Alopecia totalis	Alopecia totalis is the loss of all skull and facial hair.
Abscess intestinal	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Cardiovascular insufficiency	The circulatory system, also called the cardiovascular system or the vascular system, is an organ system that permits blood to circulate and transport nutrients (such as amino acids and electrolytes), oxygen, carbon dioxide, hormones, and blood cells to and from the cells in the body to provide nourishment and help in fighting diseases, stabilize temperature and pH, and maintain homeostasis.
Computerised tomogram head abnormal	Computerised tomogram head abnormal
Dermatosis	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Faeces pale	Feces (or faeces) are the solid or semisolid remains of food that could not be digested in the small intestine.
Laceration	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Bronchitis bacterial	Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi (large and medium-sized airways) in the lungs that causes coughing.
Acute megakaryocytic leukaemia	Acute megakaryocytic leukaemia
Lip pain	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Capillary nail refill test abnormal	Capillary nail refill test abnormal
Lymph node abscess	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Amylase increased	Amylase () is an enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of starch (Latin amylum) into sugars.
Exposure to vaccinated person	Exposure to vaccinated person
Skeletal injury	The skeleton  is the body part that forms the supporting structure of an organism.
Food allergy	A food allergy is an abnormal immune response to food.
Computerised tomogram head normal	Computerised tomogram head normal
Cataract cortical	A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye which leads to a decrease in vision.
Aldolase decreased	Fructose-bisphosphate aldolase (EC 4.1.2.13), often just aldolase, is an enzyme catalyzing a reversible reaction that splits the aldol, fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, into the triose phosphates dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP) and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (G3P).
Bronchoscopy abnormal	Bronchoscopy is an endoscopic technique of visualizing the inside of the airways for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.
Intraocular pressure increased	Intraocular pressure (IOP) is the fluid pressure inside the eye.
Device related infection	Device related infection
Clostridium test positive	Clostridium test positive
Vaginal discharge	Vaginal discharge is a mixture of liquid, cells, and bacteria that lubricate and protect the vagina.
Seizure like phenomena	Seizure like phenomena
Amylase	Amylase () is an enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of starch (Latin amylum) into sugars.
Anti-islet cell antibody positive	Anti-islet cell antibody positive
Hashitoxicosis	"Hashitoxicosis, which can be abbreviated ""Htx"", is a transient hyperthyroidism caused by inflammation associated with Hashimoto's thyroiditis disturbing the thyroid follicles, resulting in excess release of thyroid hormone."
Basophil percentage	Basophils are a type of white blood cell.
Face and mouth X-ray abnormal	Face and mouth X-ray abnormal
Motor neurone disease	Motor neuron diseases (MNDs) are a group of neurodegenerative disorders that selectively affect motor neurons, the cells which control voluntary muscles of the body.According to ICD-11, the following disorders are counted among motor neuron diseases: amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), progressive bulbar palsy (PBP), pseudobulbar palsy, progressive muscular atrophy (PMA), primary lateral sclerosis (PLS), and monomelic amyotrophy (MMA), as well as some rarer variants resembling ALS.
Encephalitis autoimmune	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Exposure to toxic agent	Exposure to toxic agent
Peripheral motor neuropathy	Peripheral motor neuropathy
Cardiac function test normal	Cardiac function test normal
Temporal arteritis	Giant-cell arteritis (GCA), also called temporal arteritis, is an inflammatory disease of large blood vessels.
Bacterial diarrhoea	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Multiple myeloma	Multiple myeloma (MM), also known as plasma cell myeloma, is a cancer of plasma cells, a type of white blood cell which normally produces antibodies.
Anti-aquaporin-4 antibody	Anti-aquaporin-4 antibody
Foreign body aspiration	Foreign body aspiration occurs when a foreign body enters the airways and causes choking.
Injection site cyst	Injection site cyst
Hereditary spherocytosis	Hereditary spherocytosis is an abnormality of red blood cells, or erythrocytes.
Anti-islet cell antibody	Anti-islet cell antibody
Anti-SS-A antibody negative	Anti-SS-A antibody negative
Abscess neck	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Bronchopneumopathy	Bronchopneumopathy
Cutaneous sarcoidosis	Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas.
Computed tomographic colonography	Virtual colonoscopy (VC, also called CT colonography or CT pneumocolon) is a medical imaging procedure which uses x-rays and computers to produce two- and three-dimensional images of the colon (large intestine) from the lowest part, the rectum, all the way to the lower end of the small intestine and display them on a screen.
Impaired healing	According to many definitions, a disability or functional impairment is an impairment that may be cognitive, developmental, intellectual, mental, physical, sensory, or some combination of these.
CD4 lymphocytes decreased	CD4 lymphocytes decreased
Incorrect product storage	Incorrect product storage
Lacrimation increased	Tears are a clear liquid secreted by the glands (known as tear ducts) found in the eyes of all land mammals (except for goats and rabbits).
Biopsy lung abnormal	Biopsy lung abnormal
Basophil count increased	Basophil count increased
Bradycardia foetal	Bradycardia is a condition typically defined wherein an individual has a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM) in adults.
Menstrual disorder	A menstrual disorder is an abnormal condition in a woman's menstrual cycle.
Foetal growth restriction	Foetal growth restriction
Application site necrosis	Application site necrosis
Immunology test normal	Immunology test normal
Electromyogram	Electromyography (EMG) is an electrodiagnostic medicine technique for evaluating and recording the electrical activity produced by skeletal muscles.
Ankle deformity	The ankle, or the talocrural region, is the region where the foot and the leg meet.
Smear cervix abnormal	Smear cervix abnormal
Aspiration tracheal normal	Aspiration tracheal normal
Alpha-1 anti-trypsin normal	Alpha-1 anti-trypsin normal
Red blood cell count increased	Red blood cell count increased
Cerebral cyst	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Injection site joint swelling	Injection site joint swelling
Carbon dioxide	Carbon dioxide (chemical formula CO2) is a colorless gas with a density about 60% higher than that of dry air.
Contraindication to vaccination	Contraindication to vaccination
Antibiotic resistant Staphylococcus test positive	Antibiotic resistant Staphylococcus test positive
Bacterial pericarditis	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Oral administration complication	Oral administration is a route of administration where a substance is taken through the mouth.
Biopsy anus abnormal	Biopsy anus abnormal
Vulvovaginal human papilloma virus infection	Vulvovaginal human papilloma virus infection
Cerebral thrombosis	A thrombus, colloquially called a blood clot, is the final product of the blood coagulation step in hemostasis.
False positive investigation result	False positive investigation result
Tubulointerstitial nephritis	Interstitial nephritis, also known as tubulointerstitial nephritis, is inflammation of the area of the kidney known as the interstitium, which consists of a collection of cells, extracellular matrix, and fluid surrounding the renal tubules.
Cellulitis staphylococcal	Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the inner layers of the skin.
Blood homocysteine increased	Blood homocysteine increased
Biopsy vulva abnormal	Biopsy vulva abnormal
Computerised tomogram thorax normal	Computerised tomogram thorax normal
Bilevel positive airway pressure	Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) is the use of breathing support administered through a face mask or nasal mask.
Foetal death	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Upper respiratory tract inflammation	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Atrophy	Atrophy is the partial or complete wasting away of a part of the body.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Application site exfoliation	Application site exfoliation
Tonic clonic movements	Tonic clonic movements
Bronchitis pneumococcal	Bronchitis is inflammation of the bronchi (large and medium-sized airways) in the lungs that causes coughing.
Ovarian abscess	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Injection site scar	Injection site scar
Beta-2 glycoprotein antibody positive	Beta-2 glycoprotein antibody positive
5'nucleotidase	5'nucleotidase
Bladder catheterisation	In urinary catheterization a latex, polyurethane, or silicone tube known as a urinary catheter is inserted into a patient's bladder via the urethra.
Conjunctivitis infective	Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
Cervical spinal stenosis	Cervical spinal stenosis is a bone disease involving the narrowing of the spinal canal at the level of the neck.
Gastric disorder	Stomach diseases include gastritis, gastroparesis, diarrhea, Crohn's disease and various cancers.The stomach is an important organ in the body.
Embolia cutis medicamentosa	Livedoid dermatitis is a iatrogenic cutaneous reaction that occurs immediately after a drug injection.
Angiotensin converting enzyme decreased	Angiotensin-converting enzyme (EC 3.4.15.1), or ACE, is a central component of the renin–angiotensin system (RAS), which controls blood pressure by regulating the volume of fluids in the body.
Chromosomal analysis	Cytogenetics is a branch of genetics that is concerned with how the chromosomes relate to cell behaviour, particularly to their behaviour during mitosis and meiosis.
Diabetic complication	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Diabetic foetopathy	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Butterfly rash	In medicine, malar rash (from Latin mala ‘jaw, cheek-bone’), also called butterfly rash, is a medical sign consisting of a characteristic form of facial rash.
Incomplete course of vaccination	Incomplete course of vaccination
Respiratory syncytial virus test positive	Respiratory syncytial virus test positive
Anion gap normal	The anion gap (AG or AGAP) is a value calculated from the results of multiple individual medical lab tests.
Autonomic seizure	The autonomic nervous system (ANS), formerly the vegetative nervous system, is a division of the peripheral nervous system that supplies smooth muscle and glands, and thus influences the function of internal organs.
Acute myelomonocytic leukaemia	Acute myelomonocytic leukaemia
Congenital hydrocephalus	Hydrocephalus is a condition in which an accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) occurs within the brain.
Cephalhaematoma	A cephalohaematoma is a hemorrhage of blood between the skull and the periosteum of any age human, including a newborn baby secondary to rupture of blood vessels crossing the periosteum.
Foetal exposure during pregnancy	Foetal exposure during pregnancy
Regressive behaviour	Regressive behaviour
Encephalocele	Encephalocele, is a neural tube defect characterized by sac-like protrusions of the brain and the membranes that cover it through openings in the skull.
Tubulointerstitial nephritis and uveitis syndrome	Tubulointerstitial nephritis and uveitis (TINU) is a rare medical condition in which there is uveitis (inflammation of the uvea in the eye) together with tubulointerstitial nephritis (inflammation of the tubules inside the kidney).
Major depression	Major depressive disorder (MDD), also known simply as depression, is a mental disorder characterized by at least two weeks of low mood that is present across most situations.
HIV test negative	HIV tests are used to detect the presence of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), in serum, saliva, or urine.
Human chorionic gonadotropin positive	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
Blood HIV RNA	Blood HIV RNA
Blood glucose fluctuation	The blood sugar level, blood sugar concentration, or blood glucose level is the concentration of glucose present in the blood of humans and other animals.
Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy	Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy (JME), also known as Janz syndrome, is a fairly common form of generalized epilepsy of presumed genetic origin (previously known a idiopathic generalized epilepsy), representing 5-10% of all epilepsy cases.
Resuscitation	Resuscitation is the process of correcting physiological disorders (such as lack of breathing or heartbeat) in an acutely ill patient.
Cervicitis	Cervicitis  is inflammation of the uterine cervix.
Lymphocyte percentage increased	Lymphocyte percentage increased
Congenital absence of bile ducts	Congenital absence of bile ducts
Beta 2 microglobulin increased	β2 microglobulin also known as B2M is a component of  MHC class I molecules, MHC class I molecules have α1, α2, and α3 proteins which are present on all nucleated cells (excludes red blood cells).
Drop attacks	Drop attacks
Back disorder	The human back is the large posterior area of the human body, rising from the top of the buttocks to the back of the neck and the shoulders.
Lymphadenitis bacterial	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size or consistency.
Encephalitis allergic	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Bladder discomfort	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Langerhans' cell histiocytosis	Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) is a rare cancer involving clonal proliferation of Langerhans cells, abnormal cells deriving from bone marrow and capable of migrating from skin to lymph nodes.
Recurring skin boils	Recurring skin boils
Hyporesponsive to stimuli	Hyporesponsive to stimuli
CSF oligoclonal band absent	CSF oligoclonal band absent
Eye injury	Physical or chemical injuries of the eye can be a serious threat to vision if not treated appropriately and in a timely fashion.
Meningitis streptococcal	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Alcohol abuse	Alcohol abuse encompasses a spectrum of unhealthy alcohol drinking behaviors, ranging from binge drinking to alcohol dependence, in extreme cases resulting in health problems for individuals and large scale social problems such as alcohol-related crimes.
Injury associated with device	Injury associated with device
Secretion discharge	Secretion is the movement of material from one point to another, e.g.
Congenital tongue anomaly	Congenital tongue anomaly
Infectious pleural effusion	Infectious pleural effusion
Anti-ganglioside antibody negative	Antiganglioside antibodies that react to self-gangliosides are found in autoimmune neuropathies.
Arteriogram carotid abnormal	Arteriogram carotid abnormal
Hepatitis B surface antibody positive	Hepatitis B surface antibody positive
Live birth	Among animals, viviparity is development of the embryo inside the body of the parent, eventually leading to live birth, as opposed to reproduction by laying eggs that complete their incubation outside the parental body.
Campylobacter gastroenteritis	"Campylobacter (meaning ""curved bacteria"") is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria."
Papillophlebitis	Papillophlebitis
Blood bilirubin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Urinary tract infection bacterial	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Educational problem	Education is the process of facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits.
Polymenorrhoea	A menstrual disorder is an abnormal condition in a woman's menstrual cycle.
Oligomenorrhoea	Oligomenorrhea is infrequent (or, in occasional usage, very light) menstruation.
Blood sodium normal	Blood sodium normal
Ammonia	Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula NH3.
Coma scale abnormal	A coma scale is a system to assess the severity of coma.
Soft tissue infection	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Accident at work	Accident at work
Clostridium test negative	Clostridium test negative
Alveolitis allergic	Hypersensitivity pneumonitis (HP) is an inflammation of the alveoli (airspaces) within the lung caused by hypersensitivity to inhaled organic dusts.
Amylase normal	Amylase () is an enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of starch (Latin amylum) into sugars.
Anal pruritus	Anal pruritus
Adnexa uteri pain	The uterine appendages (or adnexa of uterus) are the structures most closely related structurally and functionally to the uterus.
Vestibulitis	Labyrinthitis, also known as vestibular neuritis, is the inflammation of the inner ear.
Salmonella test positive	Salmonella test positive
Conduct disorder	Conduct disorder (CD) is a mental disorder diagnosed in childhood or adolescence that presents itself through a repetitive and persistent pattern of behavior in which the basic rights of others or major age-appropriate norms are violated.
ABO incompatibility	In ABO hemolytic disease of the newborn (also known as ABO HDN) maternal IgG antibodies with specificity for the ABO blood group system pass through the placenta to the fetal circulation where they can cause hemolysis of fetal red blood cells which can lead to fetal anemia and HDN.
Application site warmth	Application site warmth
Blood smear test	A blood film—or peripheral blood smear—is a thin layer of blood smeared on a glass microscope slide and then stained in such a way as to allow the various blood cells to be examined microscopically.
Delirium febrile	Delirium, also known as acute confusional state, is an organically caused decline from a previous baseline mental functioning that develops over a short period of time, typically hours to days.
Immunosuppression	Immunosuppression is a reduction of the activation or efficacy of the immune system.
Blood folate normal	Blood folate normal
Atrial thrombosis	The atrium (Latin ātrium, “entry hall”) is the upper chamber through which blood enters the ventricles of the heart.
Congenital foot malformation	Congenital foot malformation
Rhinorrhoea	Rhinorrhea or rhinorrhoea is a condition where the nasal cavity is filled with a significant amount of mucus fluid.
Arthritis allergic	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms	Drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS), also termed drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS), is a rare reaction to certain medications.
Blood smear test normal	Blood smear test normal
Chronic hepatitis B	Hepatitis B (HB) is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis B virus (HBV) that affects the liver.
Thyroid cancer	Thyroid cancer is cancer that develops from the tissues of the thyroid gland.
Haematology test	Hematology, also spelled haematology, is the branch of medicine concerned with the study of the cause, prognosis, treatment, and prevention of diseases related to blood.
Exposure during pregnancy	Exposure during pregnancy
Congenital skin dimples	Congenital skin dimples
Blood potassium	Reference ranges for blood tests are sets of values used by a health professional to interpret a set of medical test results from blood samples.
Blood growth hormone decreased	Blood growth hormone decreased
Foot deformity	A foot deformity is a disorder of the foot that can be congenital or acquired.
Sinus arrhythmia	Vagal tone refers to activity of the vagus nerve, the 10th cranial nerve and a fundamental component of the parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system.
Blood creatinine decreased	Blood creatinine decreased
VIth nerve paresis	VIth nerve paresis
Impaired gastric emptying	Impaired gastric emptying
Congenital naevus	The congenital melanocytic nevus is a type of melanocytic nevus (or mole) found in infants at birth.
Arthrogram normal	An arthrogram is a series of images of a joint after injection of a contrast medium, usually done by fluoroscopy or MRI.
Investigation abnormal	Investigation abnormal
Congenital eye disorder	Congenital eye disorder
Hepatitis viral	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Muscle swelling	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Ankle fracture	An ankle fracture is a break of one or more ankle bones.
Adenocarcinoma of the cervix	Adenocarcinoma of the cervix
Osteomyelitis salmonella	Osteomyelitis (OM) is an infection of bone.
Aborted pregnancy	Miscarriage, also known as spontaneous abortion and pregnancy loss, is the natural death of an embryo or fetus before it is able to survive independently.
Anomaly of external ear congenital	Anomaly of external ear congenital
Arterial aneurysm repair	An aneurysm is an outward bulging, likened to a bubble or balloon, caused by a localized, abnormal, weak spot on a blood vessel wall.
Carcinoembryonic antigen increased	Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) describes a set of highly related glycoproteins involved in cell adhesion.
Compression stockings application	Compression stockings are a specialized hosiery designed to help prevent the occurrence of, and guard against further progression of, venous disorders such as edema, phlebitis and thrombosis.
Arthroscopy	Arthroscopy (also called arthroscopic or keyhole surgery) is a minimally invasive surgical procedure on a joint in which an examination and sometimes treatment of damage is performed using an arthroscope, an endoscope that is inserted into the joint through a small incision.
Coagulation test abnormal	Coagulation test abnormal
Inflammatory marker increased	Inflammatory marker increased
Complement factor normal	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Blindness hysterical	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
Cerebral artery stenosis	The cerebral arteries describe three main pairs of arteries and their branches, which perfuse the cerebrum of the brain.
Aspiration tracheal	In medicine, devices are sometimes necessary to create suction.
Injection site joint movement impairment	Injection site joint movement impairment
Pneumonia staphylococcal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Convulsion neonatal	A convulsion is a medical condition where body muscles contract and relax rapidly and repeatedly, resulting in uncontrolled actions of the body.
Anal injury	Anal injury
Colon operation	Colon operation
Seizure cluster	A seizure, formally known as an epileptic seizure, is a period of symptoms due to abnormally excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain.
Feeling jittery	Feeling is the nominalization of the verb to feel.
Diabetic ketoacidosis	Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a potentially life-threatening complication of diabetes mellitus.
Epidermal necrosis	The epidermis is the outermost of the three layers that make up the skin, the inner layers being the dermis and hypodermis.
Paresis cranial nerve	Paresis cranial nerve
Cryptococcus test	"Cryptococcus (Greek for ""hidden sphere"") is a genus of fungi, which grow in culture as yeasts."
Neuroborreliosis	Neuroborreliosis, is a disorder of the central nervous system.
Enterovirus infection	Enterovirus is a genus of positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses associated with several human and mammalian diseases.
Antiphospholipid syndrome	Antiphospholipid syndrome or antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (APS or APLS), is an autoimmune, hypercoagulable state caused by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Biopsy sclera abnormal	Biopsy sclera abnormal
Motor developmental delay	Motor developmental delay
Essential tremor	Essential tremor (ET), also called benign tremor, familial tremor, and idiopathic tremor, is a medical condition characterized by involuntary rhythmic contractions and relaxations (oscillations or twitching movements) of certain muscle groups in one or more body parts of unknown cause.
Leukodystrophy	Leukodystrophy is one of a group of disorders characterized by degeneration of the white matter in the brain.
Aspiration tracheal abnormal	Aspiration tracheal abnormal
CSF immunoglobulin G index	CSF immunoglobulin G index
Dysmorphism	A dysmorphic feature is a difference of body structure.
Parathyroid disorder	Parathyroid glands are small endocrine glands in the neck of humans and other tetrapods.
Congenital bladder anomaly	Congenital bladder anomaly
Blood uric acid decreased	Blood uric acid decreased
Respiratory tract infection bacterial	Respiratory tract infection (RTI) refers to any of a number of infectious diseases involving the respiratory tract.
Ear, nose and throat examination	Otorhinolaryngology  (also called otolaryngology or otolaryngology–head and neck surgery) is a surgical subspecialty within medicine that deals with conditions of the ear, nose, and throat (ENT) and related structures of the head and neck.
Limb amputation	Amputation is the removal of a limb by trauma, medical illness, or surgery.
CSF virus identified	CSF virus identified
Alpha-1 anti-trypsin decreased	Alpha-1 anti-trypsin decreased
Angiogram cerebral abnormal	Angiogram cerebral abnormal
Polyserositis	Familial Mediterranean fever (FMF) is a hereditary inflammatory disorder.
Mood altered	Mood altered
Salmonellosis	Salmonellosis is a symptomatic infection caused by bacteria of the Salmonella type.
Bronchoscopy normal	Bronchoscopy is an endoscopic technique of visualizing the inside of the airways for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.
Alpha-1 acid glycoprotein normal	Orosomucoid (ORM) or alpha-1-acid glycoprotein (α1AGp, AGP or AAG) is an acute phase (acute phase protein) plasma alpha-globulin glycoprotein and is modulated by two polymorphic genes.
Subcutaneous abscess	A subcutaneous abscess is an abscess located in the subcutaneous tissue (also hypodermis).
Granulocyte percentage	Granulocytes are a category of white blood cells characterized by the presence of granules in their cytoplasm.
Pneumonia influenzal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Crush syndrome	Crush syndrome (also traumatic rhabdomyolysis or Bywaters' syndrome) is a medical condition characterized by major shock and kidney failure after a crushing injury to skeletal muscle.
Measles antibody	Measles is a highly contagious infectious disease caused by the measles virus.
Barium enema normal	A lower gastrointestinal series is a medical procedure used to examine and diagnose problems with the human colon (large intestine).
Accidental exposure to product	Accidental exposure to product
Acute interstitial pneumonitis	Acute interstitial pneumonitis is a rare, severe lung disease that usually affects otherwise healthy individuals.
Uhthoff's phenomenon	Uhthoff's phenomenon (also known as Uhthoff's syndrome, Uhthoff's sign, and Uhthoff's symptom) is the worsening of neurologic symptoms in multiple sclerosis (MS) and other neurological, demyelinating conditions when the body gets overheated from hot weather, exercise, fever, or saunas and hot tubs.
Myotonia	Myotonia is a symptom of a small handful of certain neuromuscular disorders characterized by delayed relaxation (prolonged contraction) of the skeletal muscles after voluntary contraction or electrical stimulation.Myotonia is the defining symptom of chanelopathies such as myotonia congenita, paramyotonia congenita and myotonic dystrophy.Generally, repeated contraction of the muscle can alleviate the myotonia and relax the muscles thus improving the condition, however, this is not the case in paramyotonia congenita.
Cytogenetic analysis	Cytogenetics is a branch of genetics that is concerned with how the chromosomes relate to cell behaviour, particularly to their behaviour during mitosis and meiosis.
Sinus congestion	Sinus congestion
Benign rolandic epilepsy	Benign Rolandic epilepsy or benign childhood epilepsy with centrotemporal spikes (BCECTS) is the most common epilepsy syndrome in childhood.
Biopsy bladder abnormal	Biopsy bladder abnormal
Adenoviral conjunctivitis	Adenoviruses (members of the family Adenoviridae) are medium-sized (90–100 nm), nonenveloped (without an outer lipid bilayer) viruses with an icosahedral nucleocapsid containing a double stranded DNA genome.
Corynebacterium test positive	Corynebacterium test positive
Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody negative	Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody (anti-GBM Ab) is an antibody which is found in Goodpasture's syndrome but not found in microscopic polyangiitis.
Bordetella test negative	Bordetella test negative
Postictal state	The postictal state is the altered state of consciousness after an epileptic seizure.
Nephritis	Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys and may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or interstitial tissue surrounding the glomeruli and tubules.
Parotid gland inflammation	The parotid gland is a major salivary gland in many animals.
Arthrogram	An arthrogram is a series of images of a joint after injection of a contrast medium, usually done by fluoroscopy or MRI.
Gastrointestinal malformation	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Early infantile epileptic encephalopathy with burst-suppression	Early infantile epileptic encephalopathy with burst-suppression
Escherichia urinary tract infection	Escherichia urinary tract infection
Anti-neuronal antibody	Anti-neuronal antibody
Blood elastase increased	Blood elastase increased
Ill-defined disorder	In mathematics, an expression is called well-defined or unambiguous if its definition assigns it a unique interpretation or value.
Blood chloride	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Rhonchi	Respiratory sounds refer to the specific sounds generated by the movement of air through the respiratory system.
Alpha-1 anti-trypsin increased	Alpha-1 anti-trypsin increased
Stereotypy	A stereotypy (, STERR-ee-oh-ty-pee or STEER-ee-oh-ty-pee) is a repetitive or ritualistic movement, posture, or utterance.
Regurgitation	Regurgitation is the expulsion of material from the pharynx, or esophagus, usually characterized by the presence of undigested food or blood.Regurgitation is used by a number of species to feed their young.
Pain of skin	Pain of skin
Thrombophlebitis	Thrombophlebitis is a phlebitis (inflammation of a vein) related to a thrombus (blood clot).
Anticonvulsant drug level below therapeutic	Anticonvulsant drug level below therapeutic
Anti-ganglioside antibody positive	Antiganglioside antibodies that react to self-gangliosides are found in autoimmune neuropathies.
Bone loss	Osteoporosis is a disease in which bone weakening increases the risk of a broken bone.
Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome	Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) is a condition in which a change from lying to standing causes an abnormally large increase in heart rate.
Biopsy prostate abnormal	Biopsy prostate abnormal
Still's disease adult onset	Still's disease adult onset
Catatonia	Catatonia is a state of psycho-motor immobility and behavioral abnormality manifested by stupor.
Gastroenteritis norovirus	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Cushingoid	Cushing's syndrome is a collection of signs and symptoms due to prolonged exposure to glucocorticoids such as cortisol.
Irritable bowel syndrome	Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a group of symptoms—including abdominal pain and changes in the pattern of bowel movements without any evidence of underlying damage.
Acute hepatitis B	Hepatitis B virus, abbreviated HBV, is a partially double-stranded DNA virus, a species of the genus Orthohepadnavirus and a member of the Hepadnaviridae family of viruses.
Application site oedema	Application site oedema
Hypopnoea	Hypopnea is overly shallow breathing or an abnormally low respiratory rate.
Dyspnoea exertional	Shortness of breath, also known as dyspnea (pronounced in medical English as /dɪspˈniːə/ disp-NEE-ə, with a vocalized P), is the feeling that one cannot breathe well enough.
Abdominal lymphadenopathy	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Injection site granuloma	Injection site granuloma
Ultrasound scan	Medical ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound.
Ophthalmic herpes simplex	Ophthalmic herpes simplex
Keratitis	Keratitis is a condition in  which the eye's cornea, the clear dome on the front surface of the eye, becomes inflamed.
Anal sphincter hypertonia	The external anal sphincter  (or sphincter ani externus ) is a flat plane of skeletal muscle fibers, elliptical in shape and intimately adherent to the skin surrounding the margin of the anus.
Basophil count	Basophils are a type of white blood cell.
Haemophilus sepsis	Not to be confused with Haemophilia.
Meningococcal infection	Neisseria meningitidis, often referred to as meningococcus, is a Gram-negative bacterium that can cause meningitis and other forms of meningococcal disease such as meningococcemia, a life-threatening sepsis.
Amino acid level decreased	Amino acid level decreased
Arteriovenous fistula	An arteriovenous fistula is an abnormal connection or passageway between an artery and a vein.
Abscess sterile	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Anticholinergic syndrome	An anticholinergic agent is a substance that blocks the action of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine at synapses in the central and the peripheral nervous system.
Antidiuretic hormone abnormality	Vasopressin, also called antidiuretic hormone (ADH),   arginine vasopressin (AVP) or argipressin, is a hormone synthesized as a peptide prohormone in neurons in the hypothalamus, and is converted to AVP.
Intervertebral disc disorder	An intervertebral disc (or intervertebral fibrocartilage) lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
Capillary fragility	A capillary is a small blood vessel from 5 to 10 micrometres (µm) in diameter, and having a wall one endothelial cell thick.
Congenital heart valve disorder	Congenital heart valve disorder
Blood urine absent	Blood urine absent
Aspiration joint abnormal	Aspiration joint abnormal
Calcium ionised decreased	Calcium ionised decreased
Gastroenteritis adenovirus	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Hair colour changes	Hair color is the pigmentation of hair follicles due to two types of melanin: eumelanin and pheomelanin.
Amniocentesis abnormal	Amniocentesis (also referred to as an amniotic fluid test) is a medical procedure used primarily in prenatal diagnosis of chromosomal abnormalities and fetal infections, as well as for sex determination.
Abdominal adhesions	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Abdominal injury	Abdominal trauma is an injury to the abdomen.
Blood creatine phosphokinase	Blood creatine phosphokinase
Biopsy cervix	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Urinary tract infection viral	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Band neutrophil count increased	Band neutrophil count increased
Laryngeal papilloma	Laryngeal papillomatosis, also known as recurrent respiratory papillomatosis or glottal papillomatosis, is a rare medical condition in which benign tumors (papilloma) form along the aerodigestive tract.
Pityriasis	Pityriasis commonly refers to flaking (or scaling) of the skin.
Application site bruise	Application site bruise
Biopsy oesophagus normal	Biopsy oesophagus normal
Cardiac stress test abnormal	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
CSF mononuclear cell count increased	CSF mononuclear cell count increased
Purulent discharge	Pus is an exudate, typically white-yellow, yellow, or yellow-brown, formed at the site of inflammation during bacterial or fungal infection.
Apoptosis	"Apoptosis (from Ancient Greek ἀπόπτωσις ""falling off"") is a form of programmed cell death that occurs in multicellular organisms."
Anal inflammation	Anal inflammation
Angiotensin I normal	Angiotensin is a peptide hormone that causes vasoconstriction and an increase in blood pressure.
Monocyte percentage increased	Monocyte percentage increased
Sinoatrial block	A sinoatrial block is a disorder in the normal rhythm of the heart, known as a heart block, that is initiated in the sinoatrial node.
Infantile spitting up	Infantile spitting up
General physical condition abnormal	General physical condition abnormal
Colposcopy	Not to be confused with colonoscopy.Colposcopy (Ancient Greek: κόλπος, romanized: kolpos, lit.
Cleft lip and palate	Cleft lip and cleft palate, also known as orofacial cleft, is a group of conditions that includes cleft lip (CL), cleft palate (CP), and both together (CLP).
Allergy to animal	Allergy to animal
Congenital absence of cranial vault	Congenital absence of cranial vault
Fear of injection	Fear of injection
Vaccination site nodule	Vaccination site nodule
Anal prolapse	Rectal prolapse is when the rectal walls have prolapsed to a degree where they protrude out the anus and are visible outside the body.
Multi-organ failure	Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), also known as multiple organ failure (MOF), total organ failure (TOF) or multisystem organ failure (MSOF), is altered organ function in an acutely ill patient requiring medical intervention to achieve homeostasis.
Biopsy vagina abnormal	Biopsy vagina abnormal
Acid fast bacilli infection	Acid-fastness is a physical property of certain bacterial and eukaryotic cells, as well as some sub-cellular structures, specifically their resistance to decolorization by acids during laboratory staining procedures.
Arnold-Chiari malformation	Chiari malformation (CM) is a structural defect in the cerebellum, characterized by a downward displacement of one or both cerebellar tonsils through the foramen magnum (the opening at the base of the skull).
Conjunctivitis viral	Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
CSF white blood cell count	CSF white blood cell count
Urticaria papular	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Candida infection	Candidiasis is a fungal infection due to any type of Candida (a type of yeast).
Juvenile idiopathic arthritis	Juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA), is the most common form of arthritis in children and adolescents.
Eye ulcer	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Autoimmune haemolytic anaemia	Autoimmune hemolytic anemia (AIHA) occurs when antibodies directed against the person's own red blood cells (RBCs) cause them to burst (lyse), leading to an insufficient number of oxygen-carrying red blood cells in the circulation.
Abortion early	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Injection site calcification	Injection site calcification
Erythromelalgia	Erythromelalgia, formerly known as Mitchell's disease (after Silas Weir Mitchell), is a rare vascular peripheral pain disorder in which blood vessels, usually in the lower extremities or hands, are episodically blocked (frequently on and off daily), then become hyperemic and inflamed.
Alpha 2 globulin	Street Fighter Alpha 2 is a 1996 fighting game originally released for the CPS II arcade hardware by Capcom.
Group B streptococcus neonatal sepsis	Group B streptococcus neonatal sepsis
Eye laser surgery	Eye laser surgery
Abdominal cavity drainage	The abdominal cavity is a large body cavity in humans and many other animals that contains many organs.
Laryngeal discomfort	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Aortic valve incompetence	The aortic valve is a valve in the human heart between the left ventricle and the aorta.
Binocular eye movement disorder	Binocular eye movement disorder
Peripheral paralysis	"A peripheral or peripheral device is ""an ancillary device used to put information into and get information out of the computer"".Three categories of peripheral devices exist based on their relationship with the computer:

an input device sends data or instructions to the computer, such as a mouse, keyboard, graphics tablet, image scanner, barcode reader, game controller, light pen, light gun, microphone, digital camera, webcam, dance pad, and read-only memory);
an output device provides output from the computer, such as a computer monitor, projector, printer, headphones and computer speaker); and
an input/output device performs both input and output functions, such as a computer data storage device (including a disk drive, USB flash drive, memory card and tape drive).Many modern electronic devices, such as internet capable digital watches, smartphones, and tablet computers, have interfaces that allow them to be used as computer peripheral devices."
Hepatitis C	Hepatitis C is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis C virus (HCV) that primarily affects the liver.
Quadriplegia	Tetraplegia, also known as quadriplegia, is paralysis caused by illness or injury that results in the partial or total loss of use of all four limbs and torso; paraplegia is similar but does not affect the arms.
Application site abscess	Application site abscess
Salivary gland enlargement	The salivary glands in mammals are exocrine glands that produce saliva through a system of ducts.
Opisthotonus	Opisthotonus or opisthotonos (from Ancient Greek: ὄπισθεν, romanized: opisthen, lit.
Blood cadmium increased	Blood cadmium increased
Poliomyelitis	Polio, short for  poliomyelitis, or infantile paralysis, is an infectious disease caused by the poliovirus.
Acne infantile	Acne, also known as acne vulgaris, is a long-term skin disease that occurs when hair follicles are clogged with dead skin cells and oil from the skin.
Anti-neuronal antibody negative	Anti-neuronal antibody negative
Viral labyrinthitis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Bladder spasm	Overactive bladder (OAB) is a condition where there is a frequent feeling of needing to urinate to a degree that it negatively affects a person's life.
Age-related macular degeneration	Macular degeneration, also known as age-related macular degeneration (AMD or ARMD), is a medical condition which may result in blurred or no vision in the center of the visual field.
Anti-aquaporin-4 antibody positive	Anti-aquaporin-4 antibody positive
Biopsy bone abnormal	Biopsy bone abnormal
Ophthalmic herpes zoster	Ophthalmic herpes zoster
Colour vision tests normal	Colour vision tests normal
Cervicitis human papilloma virus	Cervicitis human papilloma virus
Dysponesis	Dysponesis
Immunoglobulins normal	An antibody (Ab), also known as an immunoglobulin (Ig), is a large, Y-shaped protein produced mainly by plasma cells that is used by the immune system to neutralize pathogens such as pathogenic bacteria and viruses.
Hepatitis fulminant	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Hysterectomy	Hysterectomy is the surgical removal of the uterus.
Cardiac septal defect	A congenital heart defect (CHD), also known as a congenital heart anomaly and congenital heart disease, is a defect in the structure of the heart or great vessels that is present at birth.
Chlamydia test negative	Chlamydia test negative
Congenital umbilical hernia	An umbilical hernia is a health condition where the abdominal wall behind the navel is damaged.
Gastrointestinal motility disorder	Gastrointestinal physiology is the branch of human physiology that addresses the physical function of the gastrointestinal (GI) tract.
Blood uric acid	Blood uric acid
Mental impairment	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Labelled drug-drug interaction medication error	Labelled drug-drug interaction medication error
Alanine aminotransferase abnormal	Alanine transaminase (ALT) is a transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.2).
Dermatitis acneiform	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Learning disorder	Learning disability, learning disorder or learning difficulty (British English) is a condition in the brain that causes difficulties comprehending or processing information and can be caused by several different factors.
Reactogenicity event	"In clinical trials, the term reactogenicity refers to the property of a vaccine of being able to produce common, ""expected"" adverse reactions, especially excessive immunological responses and associated signs and symptoms—fever, sore arm at injection site, etc."
Creatinine renal clearance decreased	Creatinine renal clearance decreased
Alcoholic hangover	Alcoholism, also known as alcohol use disorder (AUD), is a broad term for any drinking of alcohol that results in mental or physical health problems.
Epidermolysis	Epidermolysis
Computerised tomogram abdomen abnormal	Computerised tomogram abdomen abnormal
Defaecation urgency	Defecation is the final act of digestion, by which organisms eliminate solid, semisolid, or liquid waste material from the digestive tract via the anus.
Mechanical urticaria	Mechanical urticaria
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody increased	Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCAs) are a group of autoantibodies, mainly of the IgG type, against antigens in the cytoplasm of neutrophil granulocytes (the most common type of white blood cell) and monocytes.
Hangover	A hangover is the experience of various unpleasant physiological and psychological effects following the consumption of alcohol, such as wine, beer and distilled spirits.
Facial neuralgia	"Neuralgia (Greek neuron, ""nerve"" + algos, ""pain"") is pain in the distribution of a nerve or nerves, as in intercostal neuralgia, trigeminal neuralgia, and glossopharyngeal neuralgia."
Epigastric discomfort	In anatomy, the epigastrium (or epigastric region) is the upper central region of the abdomen.
Pharyngotonsillitis	Pharyngitis is inflammation of the back of the throat, known as the pharynx.
Computerised tomogram thorax abnormal	Computerised tomogram thorax abnormal
Apnoea neonatal	Apnea is the cessation of breathing.
Encephalocele repair	Encephalocele, is a neural tube defect characterized by sac-like protrusions of the brain and the membranes that cover it through openings in the skull.
Cardiac function test abnormal	Cardiac function test abnormal
Endocrine test abnormal	Endocrine test abnormal
Bladder pain	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Investigation	Investigation
Psychomotor skills impaired	Psychomotor skills impaired
Accessory auricle	An accessory auricle is considered a developmental anomaly resulting from the persistence of a structure which variably recapitulates the normal external ear.
Anti-aquaporin-4 antibody negative	Anti-aquaporin-4 antibody negative
Arrhythmia supraventricular	Heart arrhythmia (also known as arrhythmia, dysrhythmia or irregular heartbeat) is a group of conditions in which the heartbeat is irregular, too fast or too slow.
Infertility male	Infertility is the inability of a person, animal or plant to reproduce by natural means.
Blood pressure diastolic increased	Blood pressure diastolic increased
Acetonaemic vomiting	Acetonaemic vomiting
Disease prodromal stage	Disease prodromal stage
Menstruation delayed	Menstruation, also known as a period or monthly, is the regular discharge of blood and mucosal tissue (known as menses) from the inner lining of the uterus through the vagina.
Muscle contracture	Muscle contractures can occur for many reasons, such as paralysis, muscular atrophy, and forms of muscular dystrophy.
Acute hepatitis C	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Pleuropericarditis	Pleuropericarditis
Cerebellar embolism	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Glomerulonephritis proliferative	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Intestinal operation	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Bundle branch block right	A bundle branch block is a defect of the bundle branches or fascicles in the electrical conduction system of the heart.
Mucosal inflammation	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Opsoclonus myoclonus	Opsoclonus myoclonus syndrome (OMS), also known as opsoclonus-myoclonus-ataxia (OMA), is a rare neurological disorder of unknown cause which appears to be the result of an autoimmune process involving the nervous system.
Basal ganglia stroke	The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are a group of subcortical nuclei, of varied origin, in the brains of vertebrates, including humans, which are situated at the base of the forebrain and top of the midbrain.
Diabetes mellitus inadequate control	Diabetes mellitus inadequate control
Ammonia decreased	Ammonia is a compound of nitrogen and hydrogen with the formula NH3.
Biopsy bone marrow abnormal	Biopsy bone marrow abnormal
Vaccination error	Vaccination is the administration of a vaccine to help the immune system develop protection from a disease.
Osteosarcoma	An osteosarcoma (OS) or osteogenic sarcoma (OGS) (or simply bone cancer) is a cancerous tumor in a bone.
Ocular vasculitis	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Congenital multiplex arthrogryposis	Congenital multiplex arthrogryposis
Infusion	Infusion is the process of extracting chemical compounds or flavors from plant material in a solvent such as water, oil or alcohol, by allowing the material to remain suspended in the solvent over time (a process often called steeping).
ACTH stimulation test normal	The ACTH test (also called the cosyntropin, tetracosactide, or Synacthen test) is a medical test usually ordered and interpreted by endocrinologists to assess the functioning of the adrenal glands stress response by measuring the adrenal response to adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH; corticotropin) or another corticotropic agent such as tetracosactide (cosyntropin, tetracosactrin; Synacthen) or alsactide (Synchrodyn).
Infection reactivation	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Anhedonia	Anhedonia is a diverse array of deficits in hedonic function, including reduced motivation or ability to experience pleasure.
Peripheral artery thrombosis	Peripheral artery thrombosis
Drug prescribing error	Drug prescribing error
Hydrocele	A hydrocele is an accumulation of serous fluid in a body cavity.
Aorta hypoplasia	The aorta ( ay-OR-tə) is the main and largest artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries).
Body mass index increased	Body mass index (BMI) is a value derived from the mass (weight) and height of a person.
Blood 25-hydroxycholecalciferol	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Toxic skin eruption	Toxic skin eruption
Blood ketone body present	Blood ketone body present
Mucous stools	Mucus ( MEW-kəs) is a polymer.
Suture related complication	Suture related complication
Granuloma annulare	Granuloma annulare is a fairly rare, chronic skin condition which presents as reddish bumps on the skin arranged in a circle or ring.
Community acquired infection	Community acquired infection
Pneumomediastinum	"Pneumomediastinum (from Greek pneuma – ""air"", also known as mediastinal emphysema) is pneumatosis (abnormal presence of air or other gas) in the mediastinum."
Effusion	In physics and chemistry, effusion is the process in which a gas escapes from a container through a hole of diameter considerably smaller than the mean free path of the molecules.
Hypovolaemia	Hypovolemia, also known as volume depletion or volume contraction, is a state of decreased intravascular volume.
Retinal vascular thrombosis	Retinal vascular thrombosis
Choroidal effusion	The choroid, also known as the choroidea or choroid coat, is the vascular layer of the eye, containing connective tissues, and lying between the retina and the sclera.
Cardiac tamponade	Cardiac tamponade, also known as pericardial tamponade, is when fluid in the pericardium (the sac around the heart) builds up, resulting in compression of the heart.
Infertility female	Infertility is the inability of a person, animal or plant to reproduce by natural means.
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis	Granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA), formerly known as Wegener's granulomatosis (WG), is a long-term systemic disorder that involves the formation of granulomas and inflammation of blood vessels (vasculitis).
Autotransfusion	Autotransfusion is a process wherein a person receives their own blood for a transfusion, instead of banked allogenic (separate-donor) blood.
Cauda equina syndrome	Cauda equina syndrome (CES) is a condition that occurs when the bundle of nerves below the end of the spinal cord known as the cauda equina is damaged.
Bladder dysfunction	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Fluctuance	Fluctuance
Colposcopy abnormal	Not to be confused with colonoscopy.Colposcopy (Ancient Greek: κόλπος, romanized: kolpos, lit.
Lower respiratory tract inflammation	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Intentional drug misuse	Intentional drug misuse
Foetal heart rate abnormal	Foetal heart rate abnormal
Blood iron	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Gastrointestinal hypomotility	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Antiphospholipid antibodies negative	Antiphospholipid syndrome or antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (APS or APLS), is an autoimmune, hypercoagulable state caused by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Off label use	Off-label use is the use of pharmaceutical drugs for an unapproved indication or in an unapproved age group, dosage, or route of administration.
Exposure via direct contact	Exposure via direct contact
Accidental exposure to product by child	Accidental exposure to product by child
Circumstance or information capable of leading to medication error	Circumstance or information capable of leading to medication error
Nasal discomfort	Nasal discomfort
Eyelid function disorder	Eyelid function disorder
Periodontitis	Periodontal disease, also known as gum disease, is a set of inflammatory conditions affecting the tissues surrounding the teeth.
Factor VIII inhibition	Factor VIII (FVIII) is an essential blood-clotting protein, also known as anti-hemophilic factor (AHF).
Labour complication	Labour complication
Chlamydial infection	Chlamydia, or more specifically a chlamydia infection, is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis.
Severe mental retardation	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Change of bowel habit	Change of bowel habit
Ultrasound Doppler	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
C1 esterase inhibitor decreased	C1-inhibitor (C1-inh, C1 esterase inhibitor) is a protease inhibitor belonging to the serpin superfamily.
Eczema infantile	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Skin haemorrhage	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Abdominal hernia	A hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ, such as the bowel, through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides.
Orthostatic hypotension	Orthostatic hypotension, also known as postural hypotension, is a medical condition wherein a person's blood pressure falls when standing or sitting.
Aspergillus infection	Aspergillus () is a genus consisting of a few hundred mould species found in various climates worldwide.
Post procedural sepsis	Post procedural sepsis
Faecal volume increased	Faecal volume increased
Assisted delivery	Assisted delivery
Colour blindness	Color blindness, also known as color vision deficiency, is the decreased ability to see color or differences in color.
Aortic dilatation	The aorta ( ay-OR-tə) is the main and largest artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries).
Biopsy skin normal	Biopsy skin normal
Glassy eyes	Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent amorphous solid, that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative uses in, for example, window panes, tableware, optics, and optoelectronics.
Cervix carcinoma stage IV	Cervix carcinoma stage IV
5-hydroxyindolacetic acid in urine decreased	5-hydroxyindolacetic acid in urine decreased
Fowler's syndrome	A Dictionary of Modern English Usage (1926), by Henry Watson Fowler (1858–1933), is a style guide to British English usage, pronunciation, and writing.
Femoral artery embolism	The femoral artery is a large artery in the thigh and the main arterial supply to the thigh and leg.
Blister infected	A blister is a small pocket of body fluid (lymph, serum, plasma, blood, or pus) within the upper layers of the skin, typically caused by forceful rubbing (friction), burning, freezing, chemical exposure or infection.
Aplasia cutis congenita	Aplasia cutis congenita  is a rare disorder characterized by congenital absence of skin.
Imminent abortion	Ant-Zen Audio and Visual Arts is a German independent record label founded in 1994 by Stefan Alt (aka recording artist S.Alt), who serves as the art director.
Anal fistula	Anal fistula is a chronic abnormal communication between the epithelialised surface of the anal canal and usually the perianal skin.
Epstein-Barr virus test	The Epstein–Barr virus (EBV, sometimes abbreviated as EPV), formally called Human gammaherpesvirus 4, is one of the nine known human herpesvirus types in the herpes family, and is one of the most common viruses in humans.
Atypical pneumonia	Atypical pneumonia, also known as walking pneumonia, is the type of pneumonia not caused by one of the pathogens most commonly associated with the disease.
Ileectomy	A bowel resection or enterectomy (enter- + -ectomy) is a surgical procedure in which a part of an intestine (bowel) is removed, from either the small intestine or large intestine.
Yellow fever	Yellow fever is a viral disease of typically short duration.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease	Yellow fever vaccine-associated viscerotropic disease
Anal cancer stage 0	Anal cancer stage 0
Anti-muscle specific kinase antibody negative	Anti-muscle specific kinase antibody negative
CSF pressure	CSF pressure
Tongue paralysis	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Angiogram pulmonary	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Blood fibrinogen decreased	Blood fibrinogen decreased
Aspiration pleural cavity	Aspiration pleural cavity
Episiotomy	Episiotomy, also known as perineotomy, is a surgical incision of the perineum and the posterior vaginal wall generally done by a midwife or obstetrician.
ACTH stimulation test	The ACTH test (also called the cosyntropin, tetracosactide, or Synacthen test) is a medical test usually ordered and interpreted by endocrinologists to assess the functioning of the adrenal glands stress response by measuring the adrenal response to adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH; corticotropin) or another corticotropic agent such as tetracosactide (cosyntropin, tetracosactrin; Synacthen) or alsactide (Synchrodyn).
Albumin globulin ratio increased	Albumin globulin ratio increased
Coma scale normal	A coma scale is a system to assess the severity of coma.
Pneumonia bacterial	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Pneumonia necrotising	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Pneumonia escherichia	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Blood creatine normal	Blood creatine normal
Mucocutaneous rash	A mucocutaneous junction, or mucocutaneous boundary, is a region of the body in which mucosa transitions to skin.
Debridement	Debridement is the medical removal of dead, damaged, or infected tissue to improve the healing potential of the remaining healthy tissue.
Apgar score	The Apgar score is a method to quickly summarize the health of newborn children against infant mortality.
Humoral immune defect	Humoral immune defect
Eyelid pain	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Delayed fontanelle closure	Delayed fontanelle closure
Granulocytosis	In medicine, granulocytosis is the presence of an increased number of granulocytes in the peripheral blood.
Escherichia infection	Escherichia  is a genus of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria from the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Fibrin D dimer	Fibrin D dimer
Fibrin D dimer increased	Fibrin D dimer increased
Nasal abscess	Nasal abscess
Papule	A  papule is a circumscribed, solid elevation of skin with no visible fluid, varying in area from a pinhead to 1 cm.
Obliterative bronchiolitis	Obliterative bronchiolitis (OB), also known as constrictive bronchiolitis and popcorn lung, is a disease that results in obstruction of the smallest airways of the lungs (bronchioles) due to inflammation.
Abdominal migraine	Abdominal migraine is a disorder primarily of children which presents with episodes of abdominal pain without an accompanying headache.
Agoraphobia	Agoraphobia is an anxiety disorder characterized by symptoms of anxiety in situations where the person perceives their environment to be unsafe with no easy way to escape.
Oral mucosal blistering	Oral mucosal blistering
Biopsy prostate normal	Biopsy prostate normal
Aspiration bursa normal	Aspiration bursa normal
Diaphragmatic hernia	Diaphragmatic hernia is a defect or hole in the diaphragm that allows the abdominal contents to move into the chest cavity.
Peritonsillar abscess	Peritonsillar abscess (PTA), also known as a quinsy, is pus due to an infection behind the tonsil.
Electrophoresis normal	"Electrophoresis (from the Greek ""ηλεκτροφόρηση"" meaning ""to bear electrons"") is the motion of dispersed particles relative to a fluid under the influence of a spatially uniform electric field."
Band neutrophil count	A band cell (also called band neutrophil, band form or stab cell) is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a metamyelocyte, and leading to a mature granulocyte.
Klebsiella infection	Klebsiella pneumoniae is a Gram-negative, non-motile, encapsulated, lactose-fermenting, facultative anaerobic, rod-shaped bacterium.
Exposure during breast feeding	Exposure during breast feeding
Extremity contracture	A limb (from the Old English lim), or extremity, is a jointed, or prehensile, appendage of the human or other animal body.
Sepsis neonatal	Sepsis is a life-threatening condition that arises when the body's response to infection causes injury to its own tissues and organs.
Hypercreatininaemia	Hypercreatininaemia
Sports injury	Sports injuries are injuries that occur during sport, athletic activities, or exercising.
Meningococcal sepsis	Meningococcal disease describes infections caused by the bacterium Neisseria meningitidis (also termed meningococcus).
Injection site papule	Injection site papule
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) is a rare tumor of the dermis layer of the skin, and is classified as a sarcoma.
Acrodermatitis enteropathica	Acrodermatitis enteropathica is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder affecting the uptake of zinc through the inner lining of the bowel, the mucous membrane.
Retching	Retching (also known as dry heaving) is the reverse movement (retroperistalsis) of the stomach and esophagus without vomiting.
Borrelia test positive	Borrelia test positive
Blood heavy metal increased	Blood heavy metal increased
CSF virus no organisms observed	CSF virus no organisms observed
Bone graft	Bone grafting is a surgical procedure that replaces missing bone in order to repair bone fractures that are extremely complex, pose a significant health risk to the patient, or fail to heal properly.
Body tinea	Body tinea
Capillary nail refill test	Capillary nail refill test
Head titubation	A head is the part of an organism which usually includes the ears, brain, forehead, cheeks, chin, eyes, nose, and mouth, each of which aid in various sensory functions such as sight, hearing, smell, and taste, respectively.
Hair growth abnormal	The growth of human hair occurs everywhere on the body except for the soles of the feet, the lips, palms of the hands, some external genital areas, the navel, scar tissue, and, apart from eyelashes, the eyelids.
Post procedural haemorrhage	Post procedural haemorrhage
Catarrh	Catarrh is inflammation of the mucous membranes in one of the airways or cavities of the body, usually with reference to the throat and paranasal sinuses.
Expired product administered	Expired product administered
Extra dose administered	Extra dose administered
Cryptorchism	Cryptorchidism is the absence of one or both testes from the scrotum.
Lymphoid tissue hyperplasia	"The lymphatic system is part of the vascular system and an important part of the immune system, composed of a large network of lymphatic vessels that carry a clear fluid called lymph (from Latin, lympha meaning ""water"") directionally towards the heart."
Adenosine deaminase normal	Adenosine deaminase (also known as adenosine aminohydrolase, or ADA) is an enzyme (EC 3.5.4.4) involved in purine metabolism.
Influenza B virus test positive	Influenza B virus test positive
Peripheral swelling	"A peripheral or peripheral device is ""an ancillary device used to put information into and get information out of the computer"".Three categories of peripheral devices exist based on their relationship with the computer:

an input device sends data or instructions to the computer, such as a mouse, keyboard, graphics tablet, image scanner, barcode reader, game controller, light pen, light gun, microphone, digital camera, webcam, dance pad, and read-only memory);
an output device provides output from the computer, such as a computer monitor, projector, printer, headphones and computer speaker); and
an input/output device performs both input and output functions, such as a computer data storage device (including a disk drive, USB flash drive, memory card and tape drive).Many modern electronic devices, such as internet capable digital watches, smartphones, and tablet computers, have interfaces that allow them to be used as computer peripheral devices."
Differential white blood cell count abnormal	Differential white blood cell count abnormal
Metastases to liver	Metastases to liver
Menopause	Menopause, also known as the climacteric, is the time in most women's lives when menstrual periods stop permanently, and they are no longer able to bear children.
Febrile neutropenia	Febrile neutropenia is the development of fever, often with other signs of infection, in a patient with neutropenia, an abnormally low number of neutrophil granulocytes (a type of white blood cell) in the blood.
Epstein-Barr virus test negative	Epstein-Barr virus test negative
Seizure	A seizure, formally known as an epileptic seizure, is a period of symptoms due to abnormally excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain.
Cytology abnormal	"Cell biology (also called cytology, from the Greek κύτος, kytos, ""vessel"") is a branch of biology that studies the structure and function of the cell, which is the basic unit of life."
Chromosome analysis abnormal	Cytogenetics is a branch of genetics that is concerned with how the chromosomes relate to cell behaviour, particularly to their behaviour during mitosis and meiosis.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus	Type 2 diabetes (T2D), formerly known as adult-onset diabetes, is a form of diabetes that is characterized by high blood sugar, insulin resistance, and relative lack of insulin.
Anti-transglutaminase antibody increased	Anti-transglutaminase antibody increased
Gastrointestinal inflammation	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Tetany	Tetany or tetanic seizure is a medical sign consisting of the involuntary contraction of muscles, which may be caused by disorders that increase the action potential frequency of muscle cells or the nerves that innervate them.
Burns second degree	Burns second degree
Pulmonary tuberculosis	Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease usually caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) bacteria.
Post infection glomerulonephritis	Post infection glomerulonephritis
Muscle electrostimulation therapy	Electrical muscle stimulation (EMS), also known as neuromuscular electrical stimulation (NMES) or electromyostimulation, is the elicitation of muscle contraction using electric impulses.
Breast tenderness	Breast pain is the symptom of discomfort in the breast.
IgA nephropathy	IgA nephropathy (IgAN), also known Berger's disease () (and variations), or synpharyngitic glomerulonephritis, is a disease of the kidney (or nephropathy) and the immune system; specifically it is a form of glomerulonephritis or an inflammation of the glomeruli of the kidney.
Impaired driving ability	Driving under the influence (DUI) is the crime or offense of driving or operating a motor vehicle while impaired by alcohol or other drugs (including recreational drugs and those prescribed by physicians), to a level that renders the driver incapable of operating a motor vehicle safely.
Echoencephalogram normal	Echoencephalogram normal
Orthostatic intolerance	Orthostatic intolerance (OI) is the development of symptoms when standing upright which are relieved when reclining.
Flat affect	Reduced affect display, sometimes referred to as emotional blunting, is a condition of reduced emotional reactivity in an individual.
Faeces soft	Feces (or faeces) are the solid or semisolid remains of food that could not be digested in the small intestine.
Sciatica	Sciatica is a health condition characterized by pain going down the leg from the lower back.
Generalised tonic-clonic seizure	A generalized tonic–clonic seizure, commonly known as a grand mal seizure or GTCS, is a type of generalized seizure that produces bilateral, convulsive tonic and clonic muscle contractions.
Infection via vaccinee	Infection via vaccinee
Road traffic accident	A traffic collision, also called a motor vehicle collision (MVC) among other terms, occurs when a vehicle collides with another vehicle, pedestrian, animal, road debris, or other stationary obstruction, such as a tree, pole or building.
Anti-NMDA antibody positive	Anti-NMDA antibody positive
Enterococcus test positive	Enterococcus test positive
Neuromyopathy	Interstitial cystitis (IC), also known as bladder pain syndrome (BPS), is a type of chronic pain that affects the bladder.
Haemorrhoids	Hemorrhoids, also called piles, are vascular structures in the anal canal.
Cataract congenital	A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye which leads to a decrease in vision.
Morphoea	Morphea, is a form of scleroderma that involves isolated patches of hardened skin on the face, hands, and feet, or anywhere else on the body, with no internal organ involvement.
Retroperitoneal fibrosis	Retroperitoneal fibrosis or Ormond's disease is a disease featuring the proliferation of fibrous tissue in the retroperitoneum, the compartment of the body containing the kidneys, aorta, renal tract, and various other structures.
Acute kidney injury	Acute kidney injury (AKI), previously called acute renal failure (ARF), is an abrupt loss of kidney function that develops within 7 days.Its causes are numerous.
Gait inability	Gait is the pattern of movement of the limbs of animals, including humans, during locomotion over a solid substrate.
Application site mass	Application site mass
Ankle operation	The ankle, or the talocrural region, is the region where the foot and the leg meet.
Blood catecholamines	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Immunosuppressant drug therapy	Immunosuppressive drugs or immunosuppressive agents or antirejection medications are drugs that inhibit or prevent activity of the immune system.
Biopsy lymph gland normal	Biopsy lymph gland normal
Drug-induced liver injury	Hepatotoxicity (from hepatic toxicity) implies chemical-driven liver damage.
Blood catecholamines increased	Blood catecholamines increased
Bladder scan	An intravenous pyelogram (IVP), also called an intravenous urogram (IVU), is a radiological procedure used to visualize abnormalities of the urinary system, including the kidneys, ureters, and bladder.
Language disorder	Language disorders or language impairments are disorders that involve the processing of linguistic information.
Hepatic enzyme decreased	Hepatic enzyme decreased
Axillary nerve injury	The axillary nerve or the circumflex nerve is a nerve of the human body, that originates from the brachial plexus (upper trunk, posterior division, posterior cord) at the level of the axilla (armpit) and carries nerve fibers from C5 and C6.
Ear swelling	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Facial paralysis	Facial nerve paralysis is a common problem that involves the paralysis of any structures innervated by the facial nerve.
Aniseikonia	Aniseikonia  is an ocular condition where there is a significant difference in the  perceived size  of images.
Brain empyema	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension	Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), previously known as pseudotumor cerebri and benign intracranial hypertension, is a condition characterized by increased intracranial pressure (pressure around the brain) without a detectable cause.
Application site wound	Application site wound
Dengue virus test positive	Dengue virus test positive
Loss of personal independence in daily activities	Loss of personal independence in daily activities
Bleeding anovulatory	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Biopsy heart abnormal	Biopsy heart abnormal
Bone cancer	A bone tumor is a neoplastic growth of tissue in bone.
Infantile apnoea	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Miliaria	"Miliaria, also called ""sweat rash"", is a skin disease marked by small and itchy rashes due to sweat trapped under the skin by clogged sweat gland ducts."
Erythrodermic psoriasis	Psoriatic erythroderma  represents a form of psoriasis that affects all body sites, including the face, hands, feet, nails, trunk, and extremities.
Acute haemorrhagic conjunctivitis	Acute hemorrhagic conjunctivitis (AHC) (also spelled acute haemorrhagic conjunctivitis) is a derivative of the highly contagious conjunctivitis virus, otherwise known as pink eye.
Immune thrombocytopenic purpura	Immune thrombocytopenia purpura (ITP), also known as idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, is a type of thrombocytopenic purpura defined as an isolated low platelet count with a normal bone marrow in the absence of other causes of low platelets.
Cryotherapy	Cryotherapy, sometimes known as cold therapy, is the local or general use of low temperatures in medical therapy.
Meningitis meningococcal	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Derealisation	Derealization (sometimes abbreviated as DR) is an alteration in the perception or experience of the external world so that it seems unreal.
Chorioretinopathy	Chorioretinopathy
Angular cheilitis	Angular cheilitis (AC) is inflammation of one or both corners of the mouth.
Endoscopy gastrointestinal abnormal	Endoscopy gastrointestinal abnormal
Pneumonia legionella	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Antiendomysial antibody test	Antiendomysial antibody test
Rheumatic disorder	Rheumatism or rheumatic disorders are conditions causing chronic, often intermittent pain affecting the joints or connective tissue.
Legionella test positive	Legionella test positive
Autonomic neuropathy	Autonomic neuropathy (AN or AAN) is a form of polyneuropathy that affects the non-voluntary, non-sensory nervous system (i.e., the autonomic nervous system), affecting mostly the internal organs such as the bladder muscles, the cardiovascular system, the digestive tract, and the genital organs.
Neurological examination abnormal	A neurological examination is the assessment of sensory neuron and motor responses, especially reflexes, to determine whether the nervous system is impaired.
Food aversion	Food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for an organism.
Aphthous ulcer	Aphthous stomatitis is a common condition characterized by the repeated formation of benign and non-contagious mouth ulcers (aphthae) in otherwise healthy individuals.
Blood copper normal	Blood copper normal
Cerebellar tumour	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Beta-2 glycoprotein antibody negative	Beta-2 glycoprotein antibody negative
Pleurisy viral	Pleurisy, also known as pleuritis, is inflammation of the membranes that surround the lungs and line the chest cavity (pleurae).
Lupus-like syndrome	Lupus-like syndrome
Anal incontinence	Fecal incontinence (FI), also known as anal incontinence, or in some forms encopresis, is a lack of control over defecation, leading to involuntary loss of bowel contents—including flatus (gas), liquid stool elements and mucus, or solid feces.
Blood phosphorus	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Inguinal hernia	An inguinal hernia is a protrusion of abdominal-cavity contents through the inguinal canal.
Atrioventricular block second degree	Atrioventricular block second degree
Bone erosion	Bone erosion is the loss of bone from disease processes.
Gastrointestinal oedema	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Arm amputation	In human anatomy, the arm is the part of the upper limb between the glenohumeral joint (shoulder joint) and the elbow joint.
Blood prolactin abnormal	Blood prolactin abnormal
Acute motor-sensory axonal neuropathy	Acute motor-sensory axonal neuropathy
Dermal cyst	The dermis or corium is a layer of skin between the epidermis (with which it makes up the cutis) and subcutaneous tissues, that primarily consists of dense irregular connective tissue and cushions the body from stress and strain.
Encephalopathy allergic	"Encephalopathy (; from Ancient Greek: ἐνκέφαλος ""brain"" + πάθος ""suffering"") means any disorder or disease of the brain, especially chronic degenerative conditions."
External ear inflammation	The outer ear, external ear, or auris externa is the external portion of the ear, which consists of the auricle (also pinna) and the ear canal .
Acute motor axonal neuropathy	Acute motor axonal neuropathy (AMAN) is a variant of Guillain–Barré syndrome.
Limb injury	Limb injury
Quality of life decreased	Quality of life (QOL) is an overarching term for the quality of the various domains in life.
Breast conserving surgery	Breast conserving surgery
Herpes zoster necrotising retinopathy	Herpes zoster necrotising retinopathy
Legal problem	Law is a system of rules that are created and enforced through social or governmental institutions to regulate behavior.
Clinically isolated syndrome	A clinically isolated syndrome (CIS) is a clinical situation of an individual's first neurological episode, caused by inflammation or demyelination of nerve tissue.
Breech delivery	A breech birth is when a baby is born bottom first instead of head first.
Blood aldosterone normal	Blood aldosterone normal
CSF glucose	CSF glucose or glycorrhachia is a measurement used to determine the concentration of glucose in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Dyscalculia	Dyscalculia  is difficulty in learning or comprehending arithmetic, such as difficulty in understanding numbers, learning how to manipulate numbers, performing mathematical calculations and learning facts in mathematics.
Staphylococcal toxaemia	Staphylococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae in the order Bacillales.
Cardiac index	Cardiac index (CI) is a haemodynamic parameter that relates the cardiac output (CO) from left ventricle in one minute to body surface area (BSA), thus relating heart performance to the size of the individual.
Administration site haematoma	Administration site haematoma
Mood swings	A mood swing is an extreme or rapid change in mood.
Administration site cellulitis	Administration site cellulitis
Hepatotoxicity	Hepatotoxicity (from hepatic toxicity) implies chemical-driven liver damage.
Macule	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Bile duct obstruction	A bile duct is any of a number of long tube-like structures that carry bile, and is present in most vertebrates.
Activated partial thromboplastin time ratio	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Cerebral atrophy congenital	Cerebral atrophy is a common feature of many of the diseases that affect the brain.
Actinic keratosis	Actinic keratosis (AK), sometimes called solar keratosis or senile keratosis, is a pre-cancerous area of thick, scaly, or crusty skin.
Imaging procedure abnormal	Imaging procedure abnormal
Central pain syndrome	Central pain syndrome is a neurological condition consisting of constant, moderate to severe pain due to damage to the central nervous system (CNS) which causes a sensitization of the pain system.
Adenoidectomy	Adenoidectomy is the surgical removal of the adenoid for reasons which include impaired breathing through the nose, chronic infections, or recurrent earaches.
Eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis	Eosinophilic granulomatosis with polyangiitis (EGPA), also known as  allergic granulomatosis, is an extremely rare autoimmune condition that causes inflammation of small and medium-sized blood vessels (vasculitis) in persons with a history of airway allergic hypersensitivity (atopy).
Amino acid level increased	Amino acid level increased
Child abuse	Child abuse or child maltreatment is physical, sexual, and/or psychological maltreatment or neglect of a child or children, especially by a parent or a caregiver.
Antimicrobial susceptibility test resistant	Antimicrobial susceptibility test resistant
Pneumonia cryptococcal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Adductor vocal cord weakness	Adductor vocal cord weakness
Appendicitis perforated	Appendicitis is inflammation of the appendix.
Auditory nerve disorder	The cochlear nerve (also auditory or acoustic neuron) is one of two parts of the vestibulocochlear nerve, a cranial nerve present in amniotes, the other part being the vestibular nerve.
Blood phosphorus normal	Blood phosphorus normal
Cerebellar infarction	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Gastroenteritis salmonella	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Auditory disorder	Auditory disorder
AIDS related complication	AIDS related complication
Administration site abscess	Administration site abscess
Atypical haemolytic uraemic syndrome	Atypical haemolytic uraemic syndrome
Blood ketone body increased	Blood ketone body increased
Lung consolidation	A pulmonary consolidation is a region of normally compressible lung tissue that has filled with liquid instead of air.
Drug effect incomplete	Efficacy is the ability to get a job done satisfactorily.
Avulsion fracture	An avulsion fracture is a bone fracture which occurs when a fragment of bone tears away from the main mass of bone as a result of physical trauma.
Vaccination site necrosis	Vaccination site necrosis
Bursa injury	Bursa is a large city in Turkey, located in northwestern Anatolia, within the Marmara Region.
Blood cortisol	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Intestinal perforation	Gastrointestinal perforation, also known as ruptured bowel, is a hole in the wall of part of the gastrointestinal tract.
Administration site abscess sterile	Administration site abscess sterile
Arthroscopy abnormal	Arthroscopy (also called arthroscopic or keyhole surgery) is a minimally invasive surgical procedure on a joint in which an examination and sometimes treatment of damage is performed using an arthroscope, an endoscope that is inserted into the joint through a small incision.
Faecal calprotectin normal	Faecal calprotectin (or fecal calprotectin) is a biochemical measurement of the protein calprotectin in the stool.
Carpal tunnel decompression	In the human body, the carpal tunnel or carpal canal is the passageway on the palmar side of the wrist that connects the forearm to the hand.The tunnel is bounded by the bones of the wrist and flexor retinaculum from connective tissue.
Escherichia pyelonephritis	Escherichia  is a genus of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria from the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Angioscopy	Angioscopy is a medical technique for visualizing the interior of blood vessels.
Colonoscopy abnormal	Colonoscopy () or coloscopy () is the endoscopic examination of the large bowel and the distal part of the small bowel with a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the anus.
Cutaneous tuberculosis	Many conditions affect the human integumentary system—the organ system covering the entire surface of the body and composed of skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Ciliary hyperaemia	A cilium (from Latin, meaning 'eyelash'; the plural is cilia) is an organelle found on eukaryotic cells and are slender protuberances that project from the much larger cell body.There are two types of cilia: motile and non-motile cilia.
Astringent therapy	An astringent (sometimes called adstringent) is a chemical that shrinks or constricts body tissues.
Gastrointestinal wall thickening	"The gastrointestinal wall surrounding the lumen of the gastrointestinal tract is made up of four layers of specialised tissue – from the lumen outwards:

Mucosa
Submucosa
Muscular layer
Serosa (if the tissue is intraperitoneal) / Adventitia (if the tissue is retroperitoneal) -- these last two tissue types differ slightly in form and function according to the part of the gastrointestinal tract they belong to (see the section below for more detail)The epithelium, the most exposed part of the mucosa, is a glandular epithelium with many goblet cells."
Coronary angioplasty	Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is a non-surgical procedure used to treat narrowing (stenosis) of the coronary arteries of the heart found in coronary artery disease.
Albumin globulin ratio normal	Albumin globulin ratio normal
Chiropractic	Chiropractic is a discipline that is concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of mechanical disorders of the musculoskeletal system, especially the spine.
Cluster headache	Cluster headache (CH) is a neurological disorder characterized by recurrent severe headaches on one side of the head, typically around the eye.
Choroid plexus papilloma	Choroid plexus papilloma, also known as papilloma of the choroid plexus, is a rare benign  neuroepithelial intraventricular WHO grade I lesion found in the choroid plexus.
Blood bilirubin decreased	Blood bilirubin decreased
Complement fixation test positive	The complement fixation test is an immunological medical test that can be used to detect the presence of either specific antibody or specific antigen in a patient's serum, based on whether complement fixation occurs.
Dyschezia	Constipation refers to bowel movements that are infrequent or hard to pass.
Anti-GAD antibody positive	Glutamate decarboxylase or glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) is an enzyme that catalyzes the decarboxylation of glutamate to GABA and CO2.
Altered pitch perception	An altered chord is a chord in which one or more notes from the diatonic scale is replaced with a neighboring pitch from the chromatic scale.
Biopsy peripheral nerve abnormal	Biopsy peripheral nerve abnormal
Abnormal weight gain	Weight gain is an increase in body weight.
Blood pressure measurement	Arterial blood pressure is most commonly measured via a sphygmomanometer, which historically used the height of a column of mercury to reflect the circulating pressure.
Oxygen therapy	Oxygen therapy, also known as supplemental oxygen, is the use of oxygen as a medical treatment.
Intervertebral disc protrusion	An intervertebral disc (or intervertebral fibrocartilage) lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
Arthrolysis	Arthrolysis
Adnexa uteri cyst	The uterine appendages (or adnexa of uterus) are the structures most closely related structurally and functionally to the uterus.
Cervicobrachial syndrome	Cervicobrachial syndrome
Toxic epidermal necrolysis	Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) is a type of severe skin reaction.
Injection site paraesthesia	Injection site paraesthesia
Arteriogram coronary	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta	Pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta  (PLEVA) is a disease of the immune system.
Cardiac stress test normal	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Allergic reaction to excipient	Allergic reaction to excipient
Dyspnoea at rest	Dyspnoea at rest
Tenosynovitis	Tenosynovitis is the inflammation of the fluid-filled sheath (called the synovium) that surrounds a tendon, typically leading to joint pain, swelling, and stiffness.
Bone marrow disorder	Bone marrow is a semi-solid tissue which may be found within the spongy or cancellous portions of bones.
Costochondritis	Costochondritis, also known as chest wall pain, costosternal syndrome, or costosternal chondrodynia is an acute and often temporary inflammation of the costal cartilage, the structure that connects each rib to the sternum at the costosternal joint.
Glomerulonephritis acute	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Blindness congenital	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
Abdominal infection	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Incorrect drug administration duration	Incorrect drug administration duration
Product use issue	Product use issue
Interchange of vaccine products	Interchange of vaccine products
Exposure via eye contact	Exposure via eye contact
Device defective	Device defective
Rhinalgia	Rhinalgia
Viral upper respiratory tract infection	An upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) is an illness caused by an acute infection, which involves the upper respiratory tract, including the nose, sinuses, pharynx, or larynx.
Haemorrhage intracranial	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Gastric volvulus	Gastric volvulus or volvulus of stomach is a twisting of all or part of the stomach by more than 180 degrees with obstruction of the flow of material through the stomach, variable loss of blood supply and possible tissue death.
Agraphia	Agraphia is an acquired neurological disorder causing a loss in the ability to communicate through writing, either due to some form of motor dysfunction or an inability to spell.
Splenosis	Splenosis is the result of spleen tissue breaking off the main organ and implanting at another site inside the body.
Bone marrow transplant	Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is the transplantation of multipotent hematopoietic stem cells, usually derived from bone marrow, peripheral blood, or umbilical cord blood.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody	Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCAs) are a group of autoantibodies, mainly of the IgG type, against antigens in the cytoplasm of neutrophil granulocytes (the most common type of white blood cell) and monocytes.
Hepatitis infectious	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Immobile	Ciro Immobile (Italian pronunciation: [ˈtʃiːro imˈmɔːbile]; born 20 February 1990) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Lazio and the Italy national team.
Vulval cancer	Vulvar cancer is a cancer of the vulva, the outer portion of the female genitals.
Oculorespiratory syndrome	Oculorespiratory syndrome
Arteriovenous fistula occlusion	An arteriovenous fistula is an abnormal connection or passageway between an artery and a vein.
Cardiac operation	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Adjustment disorder with mixed anxiety and depressed mood	Adjustment disorder with mixed anxiety and depressed mood
African trypanosomiasis	African trypanosomiasis, also known as sleeping sickness, is an insect-borne parasitic disease of humans and other animals.
Clostridium test	Clostridium is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria.
Adnexal torsion	Ovarian torsion (OT) is when an ovary twists on its attachment to other structures, such that blood flow is decreased.
Parkinson's disease	Parkinson's disease (PD) is a long-term degenerative disorder of the central nervous system that mainly affects the motor system.
General symptom	A general officer is an officer of high rank in the army, and in some nations' air forces or marines.The term general is used in two ways: as the generic title for all grades of general officer and as a specific rank.
Cellulitis orbital	Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the inner layers of the skin.
Dizziness exertional	Dizziness is an impairment in spatial perception and stability.
Cytogenetic abnormality	A chromosomal disorder, anomaly, aberration, or mutation is a missing, extra, or irregular portion of chromosomal DNA.
Hypnagogic hallucination	"Hypnagogia, also referred to as ""hypnagogic hallucinations"", is the experience of the transitional state from wakefulness to sleep: the hypnagogic state of consciousness, during the onset of sleep (for the transitional state from sleep to wakefulness see hypnopompic)."
Anion gap increased	The anion gap (AG or AGAP) is a value calculated from the results of multiple individual medical lab tests.
Anion gap	The anion gap (AG or AGAP) is a value calculated from the results of multiple individual medical lab tests.
Convulsive threshold lowered	Convulsive threshold lowered
Allergic cough	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Intellectual disability	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Poor feeding infant	Dysphagia is difficulty in swallowing.
Cyanosis neonatal	Cyanosis is the  bluish or purplish discolouration of the skin or mucous membranes due to the tissues near the skin surface having low oxygen saturation.
Congenital neurological disorder	Congenital neurological disorder
Foreign body	A foreign body (FB) is any object originating outside the body of an organism.
Joint arthroplasty	Replacement arthroplasty (from Greek arthron, joint, limb, articulate, + plassein, to form, mould, forge, feign, make an image of), or joint replacement surgery, is a procedure of orthopedic surgery in which an arthritic or dysfunctional joint surface is replaced with an orthopedic prosthesis.
Concomitant disease aggravated	Concomitant disease aggravated
Administration site swelling	Administration site swelling
Syringe issue	A syringe is a simple reciprocating pump consisting of a plunger (though in modern syringes, it is actually a piston) that fits tightly within a cylindrical tube called a barrel.
Adenosine deaminase increased	Adenosine deaminase (also known as adenosine aminohydrolase, or ADA) is an enzyme (EC 3.5.4.4) involved in purine metabolism.
Administration site erythema	Administration site erythema
Cervix carcinoma stage II	Cervix carcinoma stage II
Anti-GAD antibody	Glutamate decarboxylase or glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) is an enzyme that catalyzes the decarboxylation of glutamate to GABA and CO2.
Walking aid user	Walking aid user
Meningitis staphylococcal	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Phototherapy	Light therapy—or phototherapy, classically referred to as heliotherapy—consists of exposure to daylight or to specific wavelengths of light using polychromatic polarised light, lasers, light-emitting diodes, fluorescent lamps, dichroic lamps or very bright, full-spectrum light.
Catheter site pain	Catheter site pain
Ambidexterity	Ambidexterity is the ability to use both the right and left hand equally well.
Claudication of jaw muscles	Claudication of jaw muscles
Radial nerve palsy	Radial nerve dysfunction is a problem associated with the radial nerve resulting from injury consisting of acute trauma to the radial nerve.
Eye contusion	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Citrobacter test positive	Citrobacter test positive
Haemorrhagic vasculitis	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Dysplasia	"Dysplasia (from Ancient Greek δυσ- dys-,  ""bad"" or ""difficult"" and πλάσις plasis, ""formation"") is an abnormal growth or development of cells (microscopic scale) and/or organs (macroscopic scale), and/or the abnormal histology or anatomical structure presumably resulting from such growth."
Concomitant disease progression	Concomitant disease progression
Streptococcal bacteraemia	Streptococcus is a genus of gram-positive coccus (plural cocci) or spherical bacteria that belongs to the family Streptococcaceae, within the order Lactobacillales (lactic acid bacteria), in the phylum Firmicutes.
Decreased vibratory sense	Decreased vibratory sense
Bradycardia neonatal	Bradycardia is a condition typically defined wherein an individual has a resting heart rate of under 60 beats per minute (BPM) in adults.
Lung infection	Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), while often used as a synonym for pneumonia, can also be applied to other types of infection including lung abscess and acute bronchitis.
Oral mucosal eruption	Oral mucosal eruption
Amoeba test positive	Amoeba test positive
Duodenitis	Duodenitis is inflammation of the duodenum.
Neutrophil percentage decreased	Neutrophil percentage decreased
Asocial behaviour	Asociality refers to the lack of motivation to engage in social interaction, or a preference for solitary activities.
Androgens increased	"An androgen (from Greek andr-, the stem of the word meaning ""man"") is any natural or synthetic steroid hormone that regulates the development and maintenance of male characteristics in vertebrates by binding to androgen receptors."
Enterococcal infection	Enterococcus is a large genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.
Body temperature abnormal	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Eye infection bacterial	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Sinusitis	Sinusitis, also known as rhinosinusitis, is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms.
Continuous haemodiafiltration	Continuous haemodiafiltration
Acetonaemia	Acetonaemia
Autoimmune encephalopathy	Autoimmunity is the system of immune responses of an organism against its own healthy cells and tissues.
Palpitations	Palpitations are the perceived abnormality of the heartbeat characterized by awareness of cardiac muscle contractions in the chest, which is further characterized by the hard, fast and/or irregular beatings of the heart.
Carotid artery stenosis	Carotid artery stenosis is a narrowing or constriction of any part of the carotid arteries, usually caused by atherosclerosis.
Haematoma infection	A hematoma (US spelling) or haematoma (UK spelling) is a localized bleeding outside of blood vessels, due to either disease or trauma including injury or surgery and may involve blood continuing to seep from broken capillaries.
Administration site reaction	Administration site reaction
ACTH stimulation test abnormal	The ACTH test (also called the cosyntropin, tetracosactide, or Synacthen test) is a medical test usually ordered and interpreted by endocrinologists to assess the functioning of the adrenal glands stress response by measuring the adrenal response to adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH; corticotropin) or another corticotropic agent such as tetracosactide (cosyntropin, tetracosactrin; Synacthen) or alsactide (Synchrodyn).
Limb mass	Limb mass
Blood folate decreased	Blood folate decreased
Chronic graft versus host disease	Chronic graft versus host disease
Joint crepitation	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Biopsy spinal cord	Biopsy spinal cord
Administration site odour	Administration site odour
Growing pains	Growing pains are recurring pain symptoms that are relatively common in children ages 3 to 12.
Ophthalmological examination abnormal	Ophthalmological examination abnormal
Cardiac electrophysiologic study abnormal	Cardiac electrophysiologic study abnormal
Diabetic metabolic decompensation	Diabetic metabolic decompensation
Lymphangioma	Lymphangiomas are malformations of the lymphatic system characterized by lesions that are thin-walled cysts; these cysts can be macroscopic, as in a cystic hygroma, or microscopic.
Developmental regression	Developmental regression is when a child loses an acquired function or fails to progress beyond a prolonged plateau after a period of relatively normal development.
Vaccination site discharge	Vaccination site discharge
Boredom	In conventional usage, boredom is an emotional and occasionally psychological state experienced when an individual is left without anything in particular to do, is not interested in their surroundings, or feels that a day or period is dull or tedious.
Administration site necrosis	Administration site necrosis
Deafness congenital	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Oral pain	Oral pain
Herpes zoster oticus	Ramsay Hunt syndrome type 2, also known as herpes zoster oticus, is a disorder that is caused by the reactivation of varicella zoster virus in the geniculate ganglion, a nerve cell bundle of the facial nerve.Ramsay Hunt syndrome type 2 typically presents with inability to move many facial muscles, pain in the ear, taste loss on the front of the tongue, dry eyes and mouth, and a vesicular rash.
Eczema herpeticum	Eczema herpeticum is a rare but severe disseminated infection that generally occurs at sites of skin damage produced by, for example, atopic dermatitis, burns, long term usage of topical steroids or eczema.
Cardiovascular examination	The cardiovascular examination is a portion of the physical examination that involves evaluation of the cardiovascular system.
Fear of death	Death anxiety is anxiety caused by thoughts of death.
Haemorrhagic stroke	Intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH), also known as cerebral bleed, is a type of intracranial bleed that occurs within the brain tissue or ventricles.
Hodgkin's disease recurrent	Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) is a type of lymphoma in which cancer originates from a specific type of white blood cells called lymphocytes.
Irregular breathing	Irregular breathing
Hip fracture	A hip fracture is a  break that occurs in the upper part of the femur (thigh bone).
Post herpetic neuralgia	Postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) is neuropathic pain which occurs due to damage to a peripheral nerve caused by the reactivation of the varicella zoster virus (herpes zoster, also known as shingles).
Convulsion in childhood	Convulsion in childhood
Vesicoureteral reflux surgery	Vesicoureteral reflux (VUR), also known as vesicoureteric reflux, is a condition in which urine flows retrograde, or backward, from the bladder into the ureters/kidneys.
Herpes zoster meningitis	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Application site vesicles	Application site vesicles
Large granular lymphocytosis	Large granular lymphocytosis
Breath sounds normal	Respiratory sounds refer to the specific sounds generated by the movement of air through the respiratory system.
Amylase decreased	Amylase () is an enzyme that catalyses the hydrolysis of starch (Latin amylum) into sugars.
Muscle tightness	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Hypersomnia-bulimia syndrome	Hypersomnia-bulimia syndrome
Nocturia	Nocturia is defined by the International Continence Society (ICS) as “the complaint that the individual has to wake at night one or more times for voiding (i.e.
Vulval haemorrhage	The vulva (plural vulvas or vulvae; derived from Latin for wrapper or covering) consists of the external female sex organs.
Injection site pustule	Injection site pustule
Arthrogram abnormal	An arthrogram is a series of images of a joint after injection of a contrast medium, usually done by fluoroscopy or MRI.
Muscle injury	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Bone contusion	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Loss of control of legs	Loss of control of legs
Bone scan abnormal	A bone scan or bone scintigraphy  is a nuclear medicine imaging technique of the bone.
Biopsy peripheral nerve	Biopsy peripheral nerve
Abscess rupture	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Mastitis	Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder, usually associated with breastfeeding.
Pyloromyotomy	A pyloromyotomy is a surgical procedure in which an incision is made in the longitudinal and circular muscles of the pylorus.
Haemostasis	Hemostasis or haemostasis is a process to prevent and stop bleeding, meaning to keep blood within a damaged blood vessel (the opposite of hemostasis is hemorrhage).
Gastric bypass	"Gastric bypass surgery refers to a surgical process in which the stomach is divided into a small upper pouch and a much larger lower ""remnant"" pouch and then the small intestine is rearranged to connect to both."
Osteomyelitis bacterial	Osteomyelitis (OM) is an infection of bone.
Coronary artery aneurysm	Coronary artery aneurysm is an abnormal dilatation of part of the coronary artery.
Enterocolitis bacterial	Enterocolitis  is an inflammation of the digestive tract, involving enteritis of the small intestine and colitis of the colon.
Brain stem ischaemia	The brainstem (or brain stem) is the posterior part of the brain, continuous with the spinal cord.
Bladder sphincter atony	The urethral sphincters are two muscles used to control the exit of urine in the urinary bladder through the urethra.
Discoloured vomit	Discoloured vomit
Influenza A virus test	Influenza A virus causes influenza in birds and some mammals, and is the only species of the genus Alphainfluenzavirus of the virus family Orthomyxoviridae.
Neurodegenerative disorder	Neurodegeneration is the progressive loss of structure or function of neurons, including death of neurons.
Autoimmune neuropathy	Autoimmunity is the system of immune responses of an organism against its own healthy cells and tissues.
Platelet transfusion	Platelet transfusion, also known as platelet concentrate, is used to prevent or treat bleeding in people with either a low platelet count or poor platelet function.
Poor quality sleep	Poor quality sleep
Product odour abnormal	Product odour abnormal
Nasal pruritus	Nasal pruritus
Occupational exposure to product	Occupational exposure to product
Sleep talking	Somniloquy or sleep-talking is a parasomnia that refers to talking aloud while asleep.
Scab	Scab
Arteriogram coronary abnormal	Arteriogram coronary abnormal
Counterfeit drug administered	A counterfeit medication or a counterfeit drug is a medication or pharmaceutical product which is produced and sold with the intent to deceptively represent its origin, authenticity or effectiveness.
B-lymphocyte count	B cells, also known as B lymphocytes, are a type of white blood cell of the small lymphocyte subtype.
Cranial nerve palsies multiple	Cranial nerve palsies multiple
Respiration abnormal	Respiration abnormal
Borderline glaucoma	Borderline glaucoma
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome	Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome (SSSS) is a dermatological condition caused by Staphylococcus aureus.
Infantile vomiting	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Raynaud's phenomenon	Raynaud syndrome, also known as Raynaud's phenomenon, is a medical condition in which spasm of arteries cause episodes of reduced blood flow.
Finger deformity	A finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit, an organ of manipulation and sensation found in the hands of humans and other primates.
Inadequate aseptic technique in use of product	Inadequate aseptic technique in use of product
Confabulation	In psychology, confabulation is a memory error defined as the production of fabricated, distorted, or misinterpreted memories about oneself or the world, without the conscious intention to deceive.
Organ failure	Organ dysfunction is a condition where an organ does not perform its expected function.
Deja vu	Déjà vu ( (listen); French: [deʒa vy]) is the feeling that one has lived through the present situation before.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency	Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency (G6PDD) is an inborn error of metabolism that predisposes to red blood cell breakdown.
Injection site eczema	Injection site eczema
Sudden cardiac death	Cardiac arrest is a sudden loss of blood flow resulting from the failure of the heart to pump effectively.
Congenital hand malformation	Congenital hand malformation
Blood pressure systolic increased	Blood pressure systolic increased
Blood calcitonin increased	Blood calcitonin increased
Epstein-Barr virus test positive	Epstein-Barr virus test positive
Prerenal failure	Prerenal failure
Administration site joint pain	Administration site joint pain
Morose	"Melancholia (from Greek: µέλαινα χολή melaina chole ""gall bladders"" also Latin lugere lugubriousness to mourn, Latin morosus moroseness of self-will or fastidious habit, and old English wist wistfulness of intent or saturnine) is a concept from ancient or pre-modern medicine."
Cardiac flutter	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
ADAMTS13 activity increased	ADAMTS13 activity increased
Coccydynia	Coccydynia is a medical term meaning pain in the coccyx or tailbone area, often brought on by a fall onto the coccyx or by persistent irritation usually from sitting.
Carcinogenicity	A carcinogen is any substance, radionuclide, or radiation that promotes carcinogenesis, the formation of cancer.
Hyperamylasaemia	Hyperamylasaemia
Gastritis viral	Gastritis is inflammation of the lining of the stomach.
Central nervous system infection	There are five main causes of infections of the central nervous system (CNS): bacterial, viral, fungal, protozoal, and prionic.
Immunology test abnormal	Immunology test abnormal
Occult blood positive	Fecal occult blood (FOB) refers to blood in the feces that is not visibly apparent (unlike other types of blood in stool such as melena or hematochezia).
Fixed drug eruption	Fixed drug reactions,  are common and so named because they recur at the same site with each exposure to a particular medication.
Administration site inflammation	Administration site inflammation
Fine motor skill dysfunction	Fine motor skill (or dexterity) is the coordination of small muscles, in movements—usually involving the synchronisation of hands and fingers—with the eyes.
Blood HIV RNA decreased	Blood HIV RNA decreased
Acantholysis	Acantholysis is the loss of intercellular connections, such as desmosomes, resulting in loss of cohesion between keratinocytes, seen in diseases such as pemphigus vulgaris.
Hypertransaminasaemia	Hypertransaminasaemia
Eosinophil percentage decreased	Eosinophil percentage decreased
Face presentation	A cephalic presentation or head presentation or head-first presentation is a situation at childbirth where the fetus is in a longitudinal lie and  the  head enters the pelvis first;  the most common form of cephalic presentation is the vertex presentation where the occiput is the leading part (the part that first enters the birth canal).
Candida pneumonia	Candida pneumonia
Anti-Muellerian hormone level	Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH), also known as Müllerian-inhibiting hormone (MIH), is a glycoprotein hormone structurally related to inhibin and activin from the transforming growth factor beta superfamily, whose key roles are in growth differentiation and folliculogenesis.
Cytology	"Cell biology (also called cytology, from the Greek κύτος, kytos, ""vessel"") is a branch of biology that studies the structure and function of the cell, which is the basic unit of life."
Biopsy rectum abnormal	Biopsy rectum abnormal
Genital lesion	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Pulmonary thrombosis	Pulmonary embolism (PE) is a blockage of an artery in the lungs by a substance that has moved from elsewhere in the body through the bloodstream (embolism).
Hepatitis B core antibody negative	Hepatitis B core antibody negative
Autoimmune pancreatitis	Autoimmune pancreatitis is an increasingly recognized  type of chronic pancreatitis that can be difficult to distinguish from pancreatic carcinoma but which responds to treatment with corticosteroids, particularly prednisone.
Enanthema	Enanthem or enanthema is a rash (small spots) on the mucous membranes.
Genital herpes	Genital herpes is an infection by the herpes simplex virus (HSV) of the genitals.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder	"Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a mental disorder in which a person feels the need to perform certain routines repeatedly (called ""compulsions""), or has certain thoughts repeatedly (called ""obsessions"")."
Endometriosis	Endometriosis is a condition in which cells similar to those in the endometrium, the layer of tissue that normally covers the inside of the uterus, grow outside of it.
Biopsy bronchus abnormal	Biopsy bronchus abnormal
Internal haemorrhage	Internal bleeding (also called internal hemorrhage) is a loss of blood from a blood vessel that collects inside the body.
Linear IgA disease	Linear IgA bullous dermatosis is a rare immune-mediated blistering skin disease frequently associated with medication exposure, especially vancomycin, with men and women being equally affected.
Adactyly	In biology, dactyly is the arrangement of digits (fingers and toes) on the hands, feet, or sometimes wings of a tetrapod animal.
Otitis media acute	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Herpes ophthalmic	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Lung infiltration	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Gynaecological examination abnormal	Gynaecological examination abnormal
Angina bullosa haemorrhagica	Angina bullosa haemorrhagica is a condition of the mucous membranes characterized by the sudden appearance of one or more blood blisters within the oral cavity.
Aspergillus test positive	Aspergillus test positive
Conjunctivitis bacterial	Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
Escherichia test positive	Escherichia test positive
Eye operation	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Necrotising colitis	Necrotising colitis
Application site nodule	Application site nodule
Oculomucocutaneous syndrome	Oculomucocutaneous syndrome is characterized by keratoconjunctivitis sicca and by scarring, fibrosis, metaplasia, and shrinkage of the conjunctiva.
Streptococcal infection	Streptococcus is a genus of gram-positive coccus (plural cocci) or spherical bacteria that belongs to the family Streptococcaceae, within the order Lactobacillales (lactic acid bacteria), in the phylum Firmicutes.
Skin irritation	Irritation, in biology and physiology, is a state of inflammation or painful reaction to allergy or cell-lining damage.
Abscess oral	An abscess is a collection of pus that has built up within the tissue of the body.
Brain herniation	Brain herniation is a potentially deadly side effect of very high pressure within the skull that occurs when a part of the brain is squeezed across structures within the skull.
Tonsillitis bacterial	Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils, typically of rapid onset.
Lung neoplasm malignant	Lung cancer, also known as lung carcinoma, is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung.
Alpha 1 microglobulin increased	Alpha 1 microglobulin increased
Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis	Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) is a cause of nephrotic syndrome in children and adolescents, as well as a leading cause of kidney failure in adults.
Herpes simplex test negative	Herpes simplex test negative
Massage	Massage is the manipulation of soft tissues in the body.
Bicytopenia	Pancytopenia is a medical condition in which there is a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells, as well as platelets.
Cyclic vomiting syndrome	Cyclic vomiting syndrome (US English) or cyclical vomiting syndrome (UK English) is a chronic functional condition of unknown cause characterised by recurring attacks of intense nausea, vomiting, and sometimes abdominal pain, headaches, or migraines.
Application site movement impairment	Application site movement impairment
Hypothermia neonatal	Hypothermia is defined as a body core temperature below 35.0 °C (95.0 °F) in humans.
Brain death	Brain death is the complete loss of brain function (including involuntary activity necessary to sustain life).
Injection site ulcer	Injection site ulcer
Administration site bruise	Administration site bruise
Neonatal pneumonia	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Brain stem infarction	The brainstem (or brain stem) is the posterior part of the brain, continuous with the spinal cord.
Ovarian failure	Premature ovarian failure (POF) is the loss of function of the ovaries before age 40.
Squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity	Squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity
Polyomavirus-associated nephropathy	Polyomavirus-associated nephropathy
Synovitis	Synovitis is the medical term for inflammation of the synovial membrane.
Kidney transplant rejection	Kidney transplantation or renal transplantation is the organ transplant of a kidney into a patient with end-stage renal disease.
Synovial cyst	A ganglion cyst is a fluid-filled bump associated with a joint or tendon sheath.
Brain stem stroke	The brainstem (or brain stem) is the posterior part of the brain, continuous with the spinal cord.
Anti-JC virus antibody index	Anti-JC virus antibody index
Culture throat	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Breast discharge	Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts.
Ejection fraction abnormal	An ejection fraction (EF) is the volumetric fraction (or portion of the total) of fluid (usually blood) ejected from a chamber (usually the heart) with each contraction (or heartbeat).
Lip discolouration	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Glomerular filtration rate decreased	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Autoimmune hypothyroidism	Autoimmune thyroiditis, is a chronic disease in which the body interprets the thyroid glands and its hormone products T3, T4 and TSH as threats, therefore producing special antibodies that target the thyroid’s cells, thereby destroying it.
Activated protein C resistance test positive	Activated protein C resistance test positive
Foot and mouth disease	Foot-and-mouth disease (FMD) or hoof-and-mouth disease (HMD) is an infectious and sometimes fatal viral disease that affects cloven-hoofed animals, including domestic and wild bovids.
Sneezing	A sneeze, or sternutation, is a semi-autonomous, convulsive expulsion of air from the lungs through the nose and mouth, usually caused by foreign particles irritating the nasal mucosa.
Acalculia	Acalculia is an acquired impairment in which people have difficulty performing simple mathematical tasks, such as adding, subtracting, multiplying and even simply stating which of two numbers is larger.
Bronchial fistula	A bronchus is a passage or airway in the respiratory system that conducts air into the lungs.
Abdominal exploration	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Angioplasty	Angioplasty, also known as balloon angioplasty and percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA), is a minimally invasive, endovascular procedure to widen narrowed or obstructed arteries or veins, typically to treat arterial atherosclerosis.
Biliary colic	Biliary colic, also known as a gallbladder attack or gallstone attack, is when a colic (sudden pain) occurs due to a gallstone temporarily blocking the cystic duct.
Explorative laparotomy	Explorative laparotomy
Oesophageal candidiasis	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Drug provocation test	Drug provocation test
Oral lichen planus	Lichen planus is a chronic inflammatory and immune mediated disease that affects the skin, nails, hair, and mucous membranes.
Vaccination site mass	Vaccination site mass
Cryoglobulinaemia	Cryoglobulinemia is a medical condition in which the blood contains large amounts of pathological cold sensitive antibodies called  cryoglobulins – proteins (mostly immunoglobulins themselves) that become insoluble at reduced temperatures.
Parasomnia	Parasomnias  are a category of sleep disorders that involve abnormal movements, behaviors, emotions, perceptions, and dreams that occur while falling asleep, sleeping, between sleep stages, or during arousal from sleep.
Amniotic cavity infection	The amniotic sac, commonly called the bag of waters, sometimes the membranes, is the sac in which the fetus develops in amniotes.
Chronic spontaneous urticaria	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Bone marrow oedema	Bone marrow is a semi-solid tissue which may be found within the spongy or cancellous portions of bones.
Anaemia neonatal	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Product lot number issue	Product lot number issue
Corneal infection	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Astrocytoma	Astrocytomas are a type of cancer of the brain.
Coxsackie virus test	Coxsackievirus is a virus that  belongs to a family of nonenveloped, linear, positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses, Picornaviridae and the genus Enterovirus, which also includes poliovirus and echovirus.
Mammogram abnormal	Mammography (also called mastography) is the process of using low-energy X-rays (usually around 30 kVp) to examine the human breast for diagnosis and screening.
Hormone replacement therapy	Hormone replacement therapy (HRT), also known as menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) or postmenopausal hormone therapy (PHT, PMHT), is a form of hormone therapy used to treat symptoms associated with female menopause.
Facial nerve disorder	The facial nerve is the seventh cranial nerve, or simply CN VII.
Cerebrospinal fluid leakage	CSF rhinorrhoea refers to the drainage of cerebrospinal fluid through the nose.
Bacterial disease carrier	Pathogenic bacteria are bacteria that can cause disease.
Hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy	Hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy
Limb immobilisation	Limb immobilisation
Cardiovascular symptom	The circulatory system, also called the cardiovascular system or the vascular system, is an organ system that permits blood to circulate and transport nutrients (such as amino acids and electrolytes), oxygen, carbon dioxide, hormones, and blood cells to and from the cells in the body to provide nourishment and help in fighting diseases, stabilize temperature and pH, and maintain homeostasis.
Developmental coordination disorder	Developmental coordination disorder (DCD), also known as developmental motor coordination disorder, developmental dyspraxia or simply dyspraxia, is a chronic neurological disorder beginning in childhood.
Addison's disease	Addison's disease, also known as primary adrenal insufficiency and hypocortisolism, is a long-term endocrine disorder in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough steroid hormones.
Congenital vesicoureteric reflux	Congenital vesicoureteric reflux
Cord blood transplant therapy	Cord blood transplant therapy
Tonsillar hypertrophy	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Patella fracture	A patella fracture is a break of the kneecap.
Hepatitis B DNA assay	Hepatitis B DNA assay
Vaccine breakthrough infection	Vaccine breakthrough infection
Brain neoplasm malignant	Brain neoplasm malignant
Cytomegalovirus hepatitis	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Caecum operation	The cecum or caecum is a pouch within the peritoneum that is considered to be the beginning of the large intestine.
Eosinophilic cellulitis	Eosinophilic cellulitis, also known as Wells' syndrome, is a skin disease that presents with painful, red, raised, and warm patches of skin.
Administration site rash	Administration site rash
Exposure via skin contact	Exposure via skin contact
Oral mucosal discolouration	Oral mucosal discolouration
Eye abscess	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Dysmetropsia	Alice in Wonderland syndrome (AIWS), also known as Todd's syndrome or dysmetropsia, is a neuropsychological condition that distorts perception.
Peau d'orange	"Peau d'orange (French for ""orange peel skin"" or, more literally, ""skin of an orange"") describes anatomy with the appearance and dimpled texture of an orange peel."
Limb fracture	Limb fracture
Kidney infection	Pyelonephritis  is inflammation of the kidney, typically due to a bacterial infection.
Acne cystic	Acne, also known as acne vulgaris, is a long-term skin disease that occurs when hair follicles are clogged with dead skin cells and oil from the skin.
Hepatocellular carcinoma	Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the most common type of primary liver cancer in adults, and is the most common cause of death in people with cirrhosis.It occurs in the setting of chronic liver inflammation, and is most closely linked to chronic viral hepatitis infection (hepatitis B or C) or exposure to toxins such as alcohol or aflatoxin.
Eating disorder symptom	An eating disorder is a mental disorder defined by abnormal eating habits that negatively affect a person's physical or mental health.
Cardio-respiratory distress	Cardio-respiratory distress
Bell's phenomenon	Bell's phenomenon (also known as the palpebral oculogyric reflex) is a medical sign that allows observers to notice an upward and outward movement of the eye, when an attempt is made to close the eyes.
Arteriogram carotid normal	Arteriogram carotid normal
Bronchoscopy	Bronchoscopy is an endoscopic technique of visualizing the inside of the airways for diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.
Hemianaesthesia	Hemianaesthesia
Mouth swelling	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Neutrophil percentage increased	Neutrophil percentage increased
Blood chloride decreased	Blood chloride decreased
Brudzinski's sign	Brudziński's sign or a Brudziński sign is any of three medical signs, all of which may occur in meningitis or meningism.
Acute phase reaction	Acute-phase proteins (APPs) are a class of proteins whose plasma concentrations increase (positive acute-phase proteins) or decrease (negative acute-phase proteins) in response to inflammation.
Electrophoresis protein	"Electrophoresis (from the Greek ""ηλεκτροφόρηση"" meaning ""to bear electrons"") is the motion of dispersed particles relative to a fluid under the influence of a spatially uniform electric field."
CSF protein abnormal	CSF protein abnormal
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome	Human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) is a spectrum of conditions caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Bacterial vaginosis	Bacterial vaginosis (BV) is a disease of the vagina caused by excessive growth of bacteria.
Hyphaema	Hyphema is blood in the front (anterior) chamber of the eye.
Optic nerve disorder	The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II, or simply as CN II, is a paired cranial nerve that transmits visual information from the retina to the brain.
Auscultation	"For the ancient monasterial worker, see AuscultareAuscultation (based on the Latin verb auscultare ""to listen"") is listening to the internal sounds of the body, usually using a stethoscope."
Blood urea normal	Blood urea normal
Disease susceptibility	A disease is a particular abnormal condition that negatively affects the structure or function of part or all of an organism, and that is not due to any external injury.
Milk soy protein intolerance	Milk soy protein intolerance
Ultrasound scan abnormal	Medical ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound.
Carbon dioxide decreased	Carbon dioxide (chemical formula CO2) is a colorless gas with a density about 60% higher than that of dry air.
Skin mass	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Bartonella test negative	Bartonella test negative
Ophthalmological examination	Ophthalmology () is a branch of medicine and surgery which deals with the diagnosis and treatment of eye disorders.
Genital rash	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Bilirubin urine present	Bilirubin urine present
Otitis media bacterial	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Pharyngitis bacterial	Pharyngitis is inflammation of the back of the throat, known as the pharynx.
Bite	Biting is a common behavior which involves the opening and closing of the jaw found in many animals.
Pharyngeal abscess	Pharyngeal abscess
Minimum inhibitory concentration	In microbiology, the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC) is the lowest concentration of a chemical, usually a drug, which prevents visible growth of a bacterium or bacteria.
Sleep apnoea syndrome	Sleep apnea, also spelled sleep apnoea, is a sleep disorder where a person has pauses in breathing or periods of shallow breathing during sleep.
Cogan's syndrome	Cogan syndrome is a rare disorder characterized by recurrent inflammation of the front of the eye (the cornea) and often fever, fatigue, and weight loss, episodes of vertigo (dizziness), tinnitus (ringing in the ears) and hearing loss.
Inflammatory marker test	Inflammatory marker test
Cystitis noninfective	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Haemorrhage urinary tract	Haemorrhage urinary tract
Product packaging confusion	Packaging is the science, art and technology of enclosing or protecting products for distribution, storage, sale, and use.
Neonatal anuria	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Foreign body reaction	The foreign body granuloma is a response of biological tissue to any foreign material in the tissue.
Gastric hypomotility	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Anaplastic large-cell lymphoma	Anaplastic large-cell lymphoma (ALCL) is a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma involving aberrant T cells or null lymphocytes.
Cardiac hypertrophy	Ventricular hypertrophy (VH) is thickening of the walls of a ventricle (lower chamber) of the heart.
Blood immunoglobulin E decreased	Blood immunoglobulin E decreased
Groin abscess	In human anatomy, the groin (the adjective is inguinal, as in inguinal canal) is the junctional area (also known as the inguinal region) between the abdomen and the thigh on either side of the pubic bone.
Albumin urine	Albumin is a family of globular proteins, the most common of which are the serum albumins.
Hepatitis B DNA assay negative	Hepatitis B DNA assay negative
Gastrointestinal infection	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Mycobacterium avium complex infection	Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection (MAI) is an atypical mycobacterial infection, i.e.
Epicondylitis	Epicondylitis is a type of musculoskeletal disorder that refers to an inflammation of an epicondyle.
Atonic urinary bladder	Atonic urinary bladder
Eczema infected	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Allergic respiratory disease	Allergic respiratory disease
Anastomotic ulcer	An anastomosis (plural anastomoses) is a connection or opening between two things (especially cavities or passages) that are normally diverging or branching, such as between blood vessels, leaf veins, or streams.
Reaction to drug excipients	Reaction to drug excipients
Noninfective gingivitis	Noninfective gingivitis
HBV-DNA polymerase increased	HBV-DNA polymerase increased
Central nervous system abscess	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Cerebral hypoperfusion	Cerebral hypoxia is a form of hypoxia (reduced supply of oxygen), specifically involving the brain; when the brain is completely deprived of oxygen, it is called cerebral anoxia.
Critical illness	Intensive care medicine, or  critical care medicine, is a branch of medicine concerned with the diagnosis and management of life-threatening conditions that may require sophisticated life support and intensive monitoring.
Developmental hip dysplasia	Hip dysplasia is an abnormality of the hip joint where the socket portion does not fully cover the ball portion, resulting in an increased risk for joint dislocation.
Dyslalia	"Dyslalia means difficulties in talking due to structural defects in speech organs, such as sigmatism (defective pronunciation of sibilant sounds, for example ""S"" pronounced as ""TH"") and rhotacism, in which the letter ""R"" pronounced as ""I or Y""."
Gastric infection	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Exaggerated startle response	Exaggerated startle response
Colonic lavage	Colon cleansing (also known as colon therapy) encompasses a number of alternative medical therapies claimed to remove nonspecific toxins from the colon and intestinal tract by removing any accumulations of feces.
Asymptomatic bacteriuria	Bacteriuria is the presence of bacteria in urine.
Eyelid bleeding	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Endodontic procedure	"Endodontics (from the Greek roots endo- ""inside"" and odont- ""tooth"") is the dental specialty concerned with the study and treatment of the dental pulp."
Animal scratch	Animals are multicellular eukaryotic organisms that form the biological kingdom Animalia.
Abdominal wall cyst	In anatomy, the abdominal wall represents the boundaries of the abdominal cavity.
Pharyngeal inflammation	Pharyngeal inflammation
Painful respiration	Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli.
Drowning	Drowning is defined as respiratory impairment as a result of being in or under a liquid.
Herpes simplex test positive	Herpes simplex test positive
Disseminated varicella zoster vaccine virus infection	Disseminated varicella zoster vaccine virus infection
Abnormal clotting factor	Abnormal clotting factor
Pulmonary artery atresia	A pulmonary artery is an artery in the pulmonary circulation that carries deoxygenated blood from the right side of the heart to the lungs.
Bacillus bacteraemia	"Bacillus (Latin ""stick"") is a genus of Gram-positive, rod-shaped bacteria, a member of the phylum Firmicutes, with 266 named species."
Fluid retention	Water retention (also known as fluid retention) or hydrops, hydropsy, edema, is an abnormal accumulation of clear, watery fluid in the tissues or cavities of the body.Water is found both inside and outside the body’s cells.
Creatinine renal clearance	Creatinine renal clearance
Cytomegalovirus test	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Cervicectomy	In gynecologic oncology, trachelectomy, also cervicectomy, is a surgical removal of the uterine cervix.
Gastric dilatation	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Cervical radiculopathy	Radiculopathy, also commonly referred to as pinched nerve, refers to a set of conditions in which one or more nerves are affected and do not work properly (a neuropathy).
Still's disease	Systemic-onset juvenile idiopathic arthritis (or the juvenile onset form of Still's disease) is a type of juvenile idiopathic arthritis (JIA) with extra-articular manifestations like fever and rash apart from arthritis.
Neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia	Neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (NAITP, NAIT, NATP or NAT) is a disease that affects babies in which the platelet count is decreased because the mother's immune system attacks her fetus' or newborn's platelets.
Vaccination site swelling	Vaccination site swelling
Bronchopulmonary dysplasia	Bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD; formerly chronic lung disease of infancy) is a chronic lung disease in which premature infants, usually those who were treated with supplemental oxygen, require long-term oxygen.
Retinal dystrophy	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia	Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is a type of cancer in which the bone marrow makes too many lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell).
Hyperphagia	Polyphagia or hyperphagia is excessive hunger or increased appetite.It is a medical sign meaning excessive hunger and untypically large food intakes by your mouth.
Economic problem	The economic problem – sometimes called the basic or central economic problem – asserts that an economy's finite resources are insufficient to satisfy all human wants and needs.
Eyelid rash	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Personality change	Personality is defined as the characteristic sets of behaviors, cognitions, and emotional patterns that evolve from biological and environmental factors.
Necrotising retinitis	Necrotising retinitis
Milk allergy	Milk allergy is an adverse immune reaction to one or more proteins in cow's milk.
Electrocardiogram T wave abnormal	Electrocardiogram T wave abnormal
Injection site hypoaesthesia	Injection site hypoaesthesia
Base excess abnormal	In physiology, base excess and base deficit refer to an excess or deficit, respectively, in the amount of base present in the blood.
Dermatitis infected	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Oxygen saturation	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Anti-transglutaminase antibody negative	Anti-transglutaminase antibody negative
Lymphocyte stimulation test	Lymphocyte stimulation test
Brain operation	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Adjustment disorder with depressed mood	An adjustment disorder (AjD) occurs when an individual has significant difficulty adjusting to or coping with a significant psychosocial stressor.
Genital disorder female	Genital disorder female
Cold urticaria	Cold urticaria (essentially meaning cold hives) is a disorder where hives (urticaria) or large red welts form on the skin after exposure to a cold stimulus.
Influenza virus test positive	Influenza virus test positive
Accidental underdose	Accidental underdose
Lupus nephritis	Lupus nephritis  is an inflammation of the kidneys caused by systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), an autoimmune disease.
Bone densitometry	Dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA, previously DEXA) is a means of measuring bone mineral density (BMD).
Mucocutaneous haemorrhage	A mucocutaneous junction, or mucocutaneous boundary, is a region of the body in which mucosa transitions to skin.
Phrenic nerve paralysis	The phrenic nerve is a nerve that originates in the neck (C3–C5) and passes down between the lung and heart to reach the  diaphragm.
Ear congestion	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Benign neoplasm of skin	Benign neoplasm of skin
Staphylococcus test positive	Staphylococcus test positive
Hypersensitivity vasculitis	Cutaneous small-vessel vasculitis (CSVV), also known as hypersensitivity vasculitis, cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis, hypersensitivity angiitis, cutaneous leukocytoclastic angiitis, cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis and cutaneous necrotizing venulitis, is inflammation of small blood vessels (usually post-capillary venules in the dermis), characterized by palpable purpura.
Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis	Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a type of chronic scarring lung disease characterized by a progressive and irreversible decline in lung function.
Oropharyngeal plaque	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Gene sequencing	DNA sequencing is the process of determining the nucleic acid sequence – the order of nucleotides in DNA.
Sinus tachycardia	Sinus tachycardia (also colloquially known as sinus tach or sinus tachy) is an elevated sinus rhythm characterized by an increase in the rate of electrical impulses arising from the sinoatrial node.
Biopsy brain	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Henoch-Schonlein purpura nephritis	Henoch–Schönlein purpura (HSP), also known as IgA vasculitis, is a disease of the skin, mucous membranes, and sometimes other organs that most commonly affects children.
Anti-VGCC antibody	Anti-VGCC antibody
Eosinophilic pneumonia	Eosinophilic pneumonia is a disease in which an eosinophil, a type of white blood cell, accumulates in the lungs.
Lyme disease	Lyme disease, also known as Lyme borreliosis, is an infectious disease caused by the Borrelia bacterium which is spread by ticks.
Diphtheria	Diphtheria is an infection caused by the bacterium Corynebacterium diphtheriae.
Indirect infection transmission	Indirect infection transmission
Urinary retention	Urinary retention is an inability to completely empty the bladder.
Vaccination site discolouration	Vaccination site discolouration
Lid sulcus deepened	Lid sulcus deepened
Eyelid myoclonus	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Skull X-ray abnormal	Skull X-ray abnormal
Device connection issue	Device connection issue
Pre-eclampsia	Pre-eclampsia (PE) is a disorder of pregnancy characterized by the onset of high blood pressure and often a significant amount of protein in the urine.
Growth failure	Failure to thrive (FTT) indicates insufficient weight gain or inappropriate weight loss in pediatric patients unless the term is more precisely defined.
Hand-foot-and-mouth disease	Hand, foot, and mouth disease (HFMD) is a common infection caused by a group of viruses.
Colitis ischaemic	Colitis is an inflammation of the colon.
Functional gastrointestinal disorder	Functional gastrointestinal disorders (FGID), also known as disorders of gut-brain interaction include a number of separate idiopathic disorders which affect different parts of the gastrointestinal tract and involve visceral hypersensitivity and  motility disturbances.
Eosinophil cationic protein increased	Eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) also known as ribonuclease 3 is a basic protein located in the eosinophil primary matrix.
Heat stroke	Heat stroke, also known as sun stroke, is a type of severe heat illness that results in a body temperature greater than 40.0 °C (104.0 °F) and confusion.
Migraine with aura	An aura is a perceptual disturbance experienced by some with migraines or seizures.
Arterial therapeutic procedure	Arterial therapeutic procedure
Oophorectomy	Oophorectomy  (from Greek ᾠοφόρος, ōophóros, 'egg-bearing' + ἐκτομή, ektomḗ, 'a cutting out of') is the surgical removal of an ovary or ovaries.
Polycystic ovaries	Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a set of symptoms due to elevated androgens (male hormones) in females.
Autoimmune thyroid disorder	Autoimmune thyroid disorder
Amniotic fluid volume decreased	Amniotic fluid volume decreased
Cardiac aneurysm	Ventricular aneurysms are one of the many complications that may occur after a heart attack.
Injection site dryness	Injection site dryness
Gene mutation identification test negative	Gene mutation identification test negative
Pancreatic neoplasm	The pancreas is an organ of the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
CSWS syndrome	Cerebral salt-wasting syndrome (CSWS) is a rare endocrine condition featuring a low blood sodium concentration and dehydration in response to injury (trauma) or the presence of tumors in or surrounding the brain.
Genital herpes zoster	Genital herpes is an infection by the herpes simplex virus (HSV) of the genitals.
Squamous cell carcinoma	Squamous cell carcinomas (SCCs),  also known as epidermoid carcinomas, comprise a number of different types of cancer that result from squamous cells.
Therapy non-responder	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Epileptic encephalopathy	Epilepsy is a group of neurological disorders characterized by recurrent epileptic seizures.
Joint stabilisation	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Cerebral small vessel ischaemic disease	Cerebral small vessel ischaemic disease
Osteonecrosis	Avascular necrosis (AVN), also called osteonecrosis or bone infarction, is death of bone tissue due to interruption of the blood supply.
Cerebral arteritis	"Cerebral vasculitis (sometimes the word angiitis is used instead of ""vasculitis"") is vasculitis (inflammation of the blood vessel wall) involving the brain and occasionally the spinal cord."
Intentional self-injury	Intention is a mental state that represents a commitment to carrying out an action or actions in the future.
Herpes zoster disseminated	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Contraindicated product administered	Contraindicated product administered
Administration site induration	Administration site induration
Anti-NMDA antibody negative	Anti-NMDA antibody negative
Episcleritis	Episcleritis is a benign, self-limiting inflammatory disease affecting part of the eye called the episclera.
Bleeding time abnormal	Bleeding time is a medical test done on someone to assess their platelets function.
Muscle tone disorder	In physiology, medicine, and anatomy, muscle tone (residual muscle tension or tonus) is the continuous and passive partial contraction of the muscles, or the muscle's resistance to passive stretch during resting state.
Fungal sepsis	A fungus (plural: fungi or funguses) is any member of the group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as the more familiar mushrooms.
AST/ALT ratio	The AST/ALT ratio is the ratio between the concentrations of the enzymes aspartate transaminase (AST) and alanine transaminase, aka alanine aminotransferase (ALT) in the blood of a human or animal.
Clostridium difficile infection	Clostridioides difficile infection (CDI or C-diff), also known as Clostridium difficile infection, is a symptomatic infection due to the spore-forming bacterium Clostridioides difficile.
Autoimmune demyelinating disease	Autoimmune demyelinating disease
Anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein antibodies positive	Anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein antibodies positive
Latent tetany	Latent tetany
Pharyngitis streptococcal	Pharyngitis is inflammation of the back of the throat, known as the pharynx.
Congenital pneumonia	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Angiogram retina	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Wrong technique in product usage process	Wrong technique in product usage process
Lack of vaccination site rotation	Lack of vaccination site rotation
Neurosarcoidosis	Neurosarcoidosis (sometimes shortened to neurosarcoid) refers to a type of sarcoidosis, a condition of unknown cause featuring granulomas in various tissues, in this type involving the central nervous system (brain and spinal cord).
Trigeminal palsy	The trigeminal nerve (the fifth cranial nerve, or simply CN V) is a nerve responsible for sensation in the face and motor functions such as biting and chewing; it is the largest of the cranial nerves.
Histiocytosis	In medicine, histiocytosis is an excessive number of histiocytes (tissue macrophages), and the term is also often used to refer to a group of rare diseases which share this sign as a characteristic.
Bipolar I disorder	"Bipolar I disorder (BD-I; pronounced ""type one bipolar disorder"") is a type of bipolar spectrum disorder characterized by the occurrence of at least one manic episode, with or without mixed or psychotic features."
Pneumoconiosis	Pneumoconiosis is the general term for a class of interstitial lung diseases where inhalation of dust has caused interstitial fibrosis.
Cervical diathermy	Cervical diathermy
Inflammatory bowel disease	Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) is a group of inflammatory conditions of the colon and small intestine.
Blood iron increased	Blood iron increased
Joint ankylosis	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Speech disorder developmental	Speech disorders or speech impediments are a type of communication disorder where 'normal' speech is disrupted.
Shoulder injury related to vaccine administration	"Shoulder injury related to vaccine administration (SIRVA) is ""shoulder pain and limited range of motion occurring after the administration of a vaccine intended for intramuscular administration in the upper arm ."
Scarlet fever	Scarlet fever is a disease which can occur as a result of a group A streptococcus (group A strep) infection, also known as Streptococcus pyogenes.
Visual field defect	"The visual field is the ""spatial array of visual sensations available to observation in introspectionist psychological experiments"".The equivalent concept for optical instruments and image sensors is the field of view (FOV)."
Retinopathy	Retinopathy is any damage to the retina of the eyes, which may cause vision impairment.
Arterial haemorrhage	An artery (plural arteries) (from Greek  ἀρτηρία (artēria), meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that takes blood  away from the heart to all parts of the body (tissues, lungs, etc.).
Hepatocellular injury	Hepatocellular injury
Mixed connective tissue disease	Mixed connective tissue disease commonly abbreviated as MCTD, is an autoimmune disease characterized by the presence of elevated blood levels of a specific autoantibody, now called anti-U1 ribonucleoprotein (RNP) together with a mix of symptoms of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), scleroderma, and polymyositis.
Dermatitis exfoliative generalised	Dermatitis exfoliative generalised
Anti-muscle specific kinase antibody	Anti-muscle specific kinase antibody
Complement deficiency disease	Complement deficiency is an immunodeficiency of absent or suboptimal functioning of one of the complement system proteins.
Coronary arterial stent insertion	Coronary arterial stent insertion
Respiratory tract congestion	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Portal vein thrombosis	Portal vein thrombosis is a form of venous thrombosis affecting the hepatic portal vein, which can lead to portal hypertension and reduction in the blood supply to the liver.
Injection site lymphadenopathy	Injection site lymphadenopathy
Urticaria pressure	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Blood thyroid stimulating hormone abnormal	Blood thyroid stimulating hormone abnormal
Testicular torsion	Testicular torsion occurs when the spermatic cord (from which the testicle is suspended) twists, cutting off the blood supply to the testicle.
Systemic scleroderma	Systemic scleroderma, or systemic sclerosis, is an autoimmune rheumatic disease characterised by excessive production and accumulation of collagen, called fibrosis, in the skin and internal organs  and by injuries to small arteries.
Osteochondritis	Osteochondritis is a painful type of osteochondrosis where the cartilage or bone in a joint is inflamed.It often refers to osteochondritis dissecans (OCD).
Antisynthetase syndrome	Anti-synthetase syndrome  is an autoimmune disease associated with interstitial lung disease, dermatomyositis, and polymyositis.
Hypertrichosis	Hypertrichosis is an abnormal amount of hair growth over the body.
Abscess soft tissue	Abscess soft tissue
Relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis	Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
Incision site swelling	Incision site swelling
Liver abscess	A liver abscess is a mass filled with pus inside the liver.
Anogenital dysplasia	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Ear canal erythema	The ear canal (external acoustic meatus, external auditory meatus, EAM) is a pathway running from the outer ear to the middle ear.
Angle closure glaucoma	Glaucoma is a group of eye diseases which result in damage to the optic nerve and cause vision loss.
Brain natriuretic peptide	Brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), also known as B-type natriuretic peptide, is a hormone secreted by cardiomyocytes in the heart ventricles in response to stretching caused by increased ventricular blood volume.
Electrocardiogram QT shortened	Electrocardiogram QT shortened
Infantile colic	Baby colic, also known as infantile colic, is defined as episodes of crying for more than three hours a day, for more than three days a week, for three weeks in an otherwise healthy child.
Hyponatraemia	Hyponatremia is a low sodium concentration in the blood.
Mesenteric panniculitis	The mesentery is a contiguous set of tissues that attaches the intestines to the posterior abdominal wall in humans and is formed by the double fold of peritoneum.
Premature menopause	Premature ovarian failure (POF) is the loss of function of the ovaries before age 40.
Cranial nerve infection	Cranial nerves are the nerves that emerge directly from the brain (including the brainstem), in contrast to spinal nerves (which emerge from segments of the spinal cord).
Laryngitis viral	Laryngitis is inflammation of the larynx (voice box).
Rash morbilliform	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Product storage error	Product storage error
Rubella antibody negative	Rubella antibody negative
Non-cardiac chest pain	Chest pain is discomfort, typically in the front of the chest.
Antimitochondrial antibody	Anti-mitochondrial antibodies (AMA) are autoantibodies, consisting of immunoglobulins formed against mitochondria, primarily the mitochondria in cells of the liver.
Application site inflammation	Application site inflammation
Foetal hypokinesia	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome	Febrile infection-related epilepsy syndrome (FIRES) is a form of epilepsy that affects children three to fifteen years old.
Mutism	Muteness or mutism (from Latin  mutus, meaning 'silent') is an inability to speak, often caused by a speech disorder or surgery.
Optic ischaemic neuropathy	Optic ischaemic neuropathy
Skin bacterial infection	Skin bacterial infection
Electrocardiogram QT prolonged	Electrocardiogram QT prolonged
Cellulitis streptococcal	Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the inner layers of the skin.
Mycobacterial infection	Mycobacterium is a genus of Actinobacteria, given its own family, the Mycobacteriaceae.
Diabetic neuropathy	Diabetic neuropathies are nerve damaging disorders associated with diabetes mellitus.
Biopsy mucosa normal	Biopsy mucosa normal
Takayasu's arteritis	"Takayasu's arteritis (also known as, ""aortic arch syndrome,"" ""nonspecific aortoarteritis,"" and ""pulseless disease"") is a form of large vessel granulomatous vasculitis with massive intimal fibrosis and vascular narrowing, most commonly affecting often young or middle-age women of Asian descent, though anyone can be affected."
Anal cancer	Anal cancer is a cancer which arises from the anus, the distal opening of the gastrointestinal tract.
Alveolar proteinosis	Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis (PAP) is a rare lung disorder characterized by an abnormal accumulation of surfactant-derived lipoprotein compounds within the alveoli of the lung.
Food refusal	Food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for an organism.
Bone giant cell tumour	Bone giant cell tumour
Hepatitis B virus test positive	Hepatitis B virus test positive
Meningoradiculitis	Meningoradiculitis
Blood lactic acid normal	Blood lactic acid normal
Vaccination site granuloma	Vaccination site granuloma
Gastric ulcer	Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus.
Blood calcium	Calcium ions (Ca2+) contribute to the physiology and biochemistry of organisms and the cell.
Syphilis	Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum.
Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder	Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder
Colitis microscopic	Colitis is an inflammation of the colon.
Hallucinations, mixed	Hallucinations, mixed
Acute haemorrhagic leukoencephalitis	Acute haemorrhagic leukoencephalitis
Lower respiratory tract infection bacterial	Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), while often used as a synonym for pneumonia, can also be applied to other types of infection including lung abscess and acute bronchitis.
Ventricular tachycardia	Ventricular tachycardia (V-tach or VT) is a type of regular, fast heart rate that arises from improper electrical activity in the ventricles of the heart.
Cardiac arrest neonatal	Cardiac arrest is a sudden loss of blood flow resulting from the failure of the heart to pump effectively.
Herpes zoster cutaneous disseminated	Herpes zoster cutaneous disseminated
Muscle necrosis	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Cervix carcinoma stage III	Cervix carcinoma stage III
Product administered to patient of inappropriate age	Product administered to patient of inappropriate age
Angiocardiogram	Angiocardiogram
Lip and/or oral cavity cancer	Lip and/or oral cavity cancer
Congenital syphilis	Congenital syphilis is syphilis present in utero and at birth, and occurs when a child is born to a mother with syphilis.
Endoscopy upper gastrointestinal tract	Endoscopy upper gastrointestinal tract
Fundoscopy	Ophthalmoscopy, also called funduscopy, is a test that allows a health professional to see inside the fundus of the eye and other structures using an ophthalmoscope (or funduscope).
Platelet count normal	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Acute post asthmatic amyotrophy	Acute post asthmatic amyotrophy
Inappropriate schedule of product administration	Inappropriate schedule of product administration
Incorrect route of product administration	Incorrect route of product administration
Cardioversion	Cardioversion is a medical procedure by which an abnormally fast heart rate (tachycardia) or other cardiac arrhythmia is converted to a normal rhythm using electricity or drugs.
Bilirubin conjugated normal	Bilirubin conjugated normal
Haemangioma	A hemangioma is a usually benign vascular tumor derived from blood vessel cell types.
Neonatal hypoxia	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Pericardial excision	There are two pericardial sinuses: transverse and oblique.
Orbital oedema	Orbital oedema
Wrong product administered	Wrong product administered
Dyschromatopsia	Color blindness, also known as color vision deficiency, is the decreased ability to see color or differences in color.
Pharyngeal hypoaesthesia	Pharyngeal hypoaesthesia
Retinal pigment epitheliopathy	Retinal pigment epitheliopathy
Vaccination site nerve damage	Vaccination site nerve damage
Meningitis enteroviral	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Restless legs syndrome	Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is generally a long term disorder that causes a strong urge to move one's legs.
Herpes pharyngitis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Dropped head syndrome	Dropped head syndrome
Lichen sclerosus	Lichen sclerosus (LS) is a chronic, inflammatory skin disease of unknown cause, commonly appearing as whitish patches on the genitals, which can affect any body part of any person but has a strong preference for the genitals (penis, vulva) and is also known as balanitis xerotica obliterans (BXO) when it affects the penis.
Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome	Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), also known as multiple organ failure (MOF), total organ failure (TOF) or multisystem organ failure (MSOF), is altered organ function in an acutely ill patient requiring medical intervention to achieve homeostasis.
Adjusted calcium	According to the law, the term adjustment may appear in varied contexts, as a synonym for terms with unrelated definitions:
Dacryostenosis acquired	Nasolacrimal duct obstruction is the obstruction of the nasolacrimal duct and may be either congenital or acquired.
Cardiospasm	Esophageal achalasia, often referred to simply as achalasia, is a failure of smooth muscle fibers to relax, which can cause the lower esophageal sphincter to remain closed.
Product availability issue	Product availability issue
Gastrointestinal mucosal necrosis	Gastrointestinal mucosal necrosis
Volvulus of small bowel	Volvulus of small bowel
Coronary artery dilatation	The coronary arteries are the blood vessels (arteries) of coronary circulation, which transports oxygenated blood to the substance of the heart.
Alcohol withdrawal syndrome	Alcohol withdrawal syndrome is a set of symptoms that can occur following a reduction in alcohol use after a period of excessive use.
Pulmonary hypertension	Pulmonary hypertension (PH or PHTN) is a condition of increased blood pressure within the arteries of the lungs.
Anomalous pulmonary venous connection	Anomalous pulmonary venous connection (or anomalous pulmonary venous drainage or anomalous pulmonary venous return) is a congenital defect of the pulmonary veins.
Chronic kidney disease	Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a type of kidney disease  in which there is gradual loss of kidney function over a period of months to years.
Ectopic pregnancy	Ectopic pregnancy is a complication of pregnancy in which the embryo attaches outside the uterus.
Finger amputation	A finger is a limb of the human body and a type of digit, an organ of manipulation and sensation found in the hands of humans and other primates.
Albumin globulin ratio decreased	Albumin globulin ratio decreased
Subclavian vein thrombosis	The subclavian vein is a paired large vein, one on either side of the body, that is responsible for draining blood from the upper extremities, allowing this blood to return to the heart.
Heart injury	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Diverticulitis	Diverticulitis, specifically colonic diverticulitis, is a gastrointestinal disease characterized by inflammation of abnormal pouches—diverticula—which can develop in the wall of the large intestine.
Abdominal abscess	The abdomen (colloquially called the belly,  tummy or midriff) is the part of the body between the thorax (chest) and pelvis, in humans and in other vertebrates.
Drug intolerance	Drug intolerance or drug sensitivity refers to an inability to tolerate the adverse effects of a medication, generally at therapeutic or subtherapeutic doses.
Angiomyolipoma	Angiomyolipomas are the most common benign tumour of the kidney.
Anosognosia	Anosognosia is a deficit of self-awareness, a condition in which a person with a  disability is unaware of its existence.
Arterial stent insertion	In medicine, a stent is a metal or plastic tube inserted into the lumen of an anatomic vessel or duct to keep the passageway open, and stenting is the placement of a stent.
Herpes dermatitis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Inability to crawl	Inability to crawl
Dysfunctional uterine bleeding	Abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB) is vaginal bleeding from the uterus that is abnormally frequent, last excessively long, is more than normal, or is irregular.
Fistula	A fistula is an abnormal connection between two hollow spaces (technically, two epithelialized surfaces), such as blood vessels, intestines, or other hollow organs.
Vaccination site bruising	Vaccination site bruising
Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus	Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus
Anti factor VIII antibody increased	Anti factor VIII antibody increased
Post vaccination autoinoculation	Post vaccination autoinoculation
Thyroiditis subacute	Thyroiditis is the inflammation of the thyroid gland.
Abscess of salivary gland	Abscess of salivary gland
Allergy to plants	Allergy to plants
Amoeba test negative	Amoeba test negative
Embolism	An embolism is the lodging of an embolus, a blockage-causing piece of material, inside a blood vessel.
Central nervous system vasculitis	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Pancreatic disorder	The pancreas is an organ of the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
Young's syndrome	Young's syndrome, also known as azoospermia sinopulmonary infections, sinusitis-infertility syndrome and Barry-Perkins-Young syndrome, is a rare condition that encompasses a combination of syndromes such as bronchiectasis, rhinosinusitis and reduced fertility.
Lactose intolerance	Lactose intolerance is a condition in which people have symptoms due to the decreased ability to digest lactose, a sugar found in dairy products.
Fixed eruption	Fixed eruption
Cholestasis	Cholestasis is a condition where bile cannot flow from the liver to the duodenum.
Phlebitis	Phlebitis or venitis is the inflammation of a vein, usually in the legs.
ADAMTS13 activity decreased	ADAMTS13 activity decreased
Blood prolactin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Radicular pain	"Radicular pain, or radiculitis, is pain ""radiated"" along the dermatome (sensory distribution) of a nerve due to inflammation or other irritation of the nerve root (radiculopathy) at its connection to the spinal column."
Precancerous skin lesion	Precancerous skin lesion
Small fibre neuropathy	Small fibre neuropathy
Epiglottitis	Epiglottitis is inflammation of the epiglottis—the flap at the base of the tongue that keeps food from going into the trachea (windpipe).
Pancreatitis chronic	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Nail discolouration	Nail discolouration
Hemiparaesthesia	Hemiparaesthesia
Fibrous histiocytoma	A dermatofibroma, or benign fibrous histiocytomas, is a benign skin growth.
Administration site oedema	Administration site oedema
Marburg's variant multiple sclerosis	Marburg acute multiple sclerosis, also known as Marburg multiple sclerosis or acute fulminant multiple sclerosis, is considered one of the multiple sclerosis borderline diseases, which is a collection of diseases classified by some as MS variants and by others as different diseases.
Pharyngeal swelling	Pharyngeal swelling
Pneumocystis jirovecii pneumonia	Pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP) is a form of pneumonia that is caused by the yeast-like fungus Pneumocystis jirovecii.
Skin swelling	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Musculoskeletal discomfort	The human musculoskeletal system (also known as the locomotor system, and previously the activity system) is an organ system that gives humans the ability to move using their muscular and skeletal systems.
Cervical dilatation	Cervical dilation  (or cervical dilatation) is the opening of the cervix, the entrance to the uterus, during childbirth, miscarriage, induced abortion, or gynecological surgery.
Alcohol interaction	In chemistry, alcohols are organic compounds that carry at least one hydroxyl functional group (C–OH) bound to their aliphatic substructure.
Relapsing fever	Relapsing fever is a vector-borne disease caused by infection with certain bacteria in the genus Borrelia, which is transmitted through the bites of lice or soft-bodied ticks (genus Ornithodoros).
Muscle abscess	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Acute macular outer retinopathy	Acute macular outer retinopathy
Aerophobia	Fear of flying is a fear of being on an aeroplane, or other flying vehicle, such as a helicopter, while in flight.
Chronic gastritis	Chronic gastritis is a chronic inflammation of the gastric mucosa, as opposed to Acute Gastritis where the symptoms occur for a relatively short time.
Allergic gastroenteritis	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Noonan syndrome	Noonan syndrome (NS) is a genetic disorder that may present with mildly unusual facial features, short height, congenital heart disease, bleeding problems, and skeletal malformations.
Cholinergic syndrome	A cholinergic crisis is an over-stimulation at a neuromuscular junction due to an excess of acetylcholine (ACh), as of a result of the inactivity (perhaps even cholinesterase inhibitor) of the AChE enzyme, which normally breaks down acetylcholine.
Palmar erythema	Palmar erythema is reddening of the palms at the thenar and hypothenar eminences.
Acute oesophageal mucosal lesion	Acute oesophageal mucosal lesion
Hypothenar hammer syndrome	Hypothenar hammer syndrome (HHS) is a vascular occlusion in humans in the region of the ulna.
Muscle fatigue	Muscle fatigue is the decline in ability of a muscle to generate force.
Meningoencephalitis viral	"Meningoencephalitis (; from Greek μῆνιγξ meninx, ""membrane"", ἐγκέφαλος, enképhalos ""brain"", and the medical suffix -itis, ""inflammation""), also known as herpes meningoencephalitis, is a medical condition that simultaneously resembles both meningitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the meninges, and encephalitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the brain."
Anti-Muellerian hormone level decreased	Anti-Muellerian hormone level decreased
Acute chest syndrome	The acute chest syndrome is a vaso-occlusive crisis of the pulmonary vasculature commonly seen in people with sickle cell anemia.
Antidepressant drug level	Antidepressants are medications used to treat major depressive disorder, some anxiety disorders, some chronic pain conditions, and to help manage some addictions.
Respiratory rate increased	The respiratory rate is the rate at which breathing occurs.
Chondropathy	Chondropathy refers to a disease of the cartilage.
Coagulation factor XIII level decreased	Coagulation factor XIII level decreased
Type 2 lepra reaction	Type 2 lepra reaction
Scar	A scar is an area of fibrous tissue that replaces normal skin after an injury.
Hypoglycaemia neonatal	Hypoglycemia, also known as low blood sugar, is when blood sugar decreases to below normal levels.
Hypothalamo-pituitary disorder	Hypothalamo-pituitary disorder
Basophil degranulation test	Basophil degranulation test
Adrenocortical steroid therapy	Corticosteroids are a class of steroid hormones that are produced in the adrenal cortex of vertebrates, as well as the synthetic analogues of these hormones.
Allergic bronchitis	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Fasting	Fasting is the willing abstinence or reduction from some or all food, drink, or both, for a period of time.
Adenoviral meningitis	Adenoviruses (members of the family Adenoviridae) are medium-sized (90–100 nm), nonenveloped (without an outer lipid bilayer) viruses with an icosahedral nucleocapsid containing a double stranded DNA genome.
Gastritis haemorrhagic	Gastritis is inflammation of the lining of the stomach.
Cryptococcal cutaneous infection	Cryptococcal cutaneous infection
Complication of delivery	Complication of delivery
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome	Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is a syndrome characterized by headache, confusion, seizures and visual loss.
Bowen's disease	Squamous-cell skin cancer, also known as cutaneous squamous-cell carcinoma (cSCC), is one of the main types of skin cancer along with basal cell cancer, and melanoma.
Anaesthesia oral	"Anesthesia or anaesthesia (from Greek ""without sensation"") is a state of controlled, temporary loss of sensation or awareness that is induced for medical purposes."
Q fever	Q fever is a disease caused by infection with Coxiella burnetii, a bacterium that affects humans and other animals.
Bloody discharge	Bloody, as an adverb, is a commonly used expletive attributive (intensifier) in British English, Australian English, and a number of other Commonwealth nations.
Chronic leukaemia	Chronic leukemia is an increase of abnormal white blood cells.
Blast cell crisis	In cell biology, a precursor cell, also called a blast cell or simply blast, is a partially differentiated cell, usually referred to as a unipotent cell that has lost most of its stem cell properties.
Administration site pruritus	Administration site pruritus
Hepatitis E	Hepatitis E is inflammation of the liver caused by infection with the hepatitis E virus (HEV).
Mononeuropathy	Peripheral neuropathy, often shortened to neuropathy, is a general term describing disease affecting the peripheral nerves, meaning nerves beyond the brain and spinal cord.
Lyssavirus test positive	Lyssavirus test positive
Parotid abscess	The parotid gland is a major salivary gland in many animals.
Electrophoresis	"Electrophoresis (from the Greek ""ηλεκτροφόρηση"" meaning ""to bear electrons"") is the motion of dispersed particles relative to a fluid under the influence of a spatially uniform electric field."
Foot amputation	The foot (plural feet) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates.
Behaviour disorder	Behavior (American English) or behaviour (Commonwealth English) is the  actions and mannerisms made by individuals, organisms, systems or artificial entities in conjunction with themselves or their environment, which includes the other systems or organisms around as well as the (inanimate) physical environment.
Immune-mediated adverse reaction	Immune-mediated adverse reaction
Dysacusis	Dysacusis is a hearing impairment characterized by difficulty in processing details of sound due to distortion in frequency or intensity rather than primarily a loss of the ability to perceive sound.
Anti-platelet antibody	An antiplatelet drug (antiaggregant), also known as a platelet agglutination inhibitor or platelet aggregation inhibitor, is a member of a class of pharmaceuticals that decrease platelet aggregation and inhibit thrombus formation.
Skin oedema	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Chronic hepatitis	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Product complaint	Product complaint
Disseminated Bacillus Calmette-Guerin infection	Disseminated Bacillus Calmette-Guerin infection
Urosepsis	Pyelonephritis  is inflammation of the kidney, typically due to a bacterial infection.
Adenosine deaminase	Adenosine deaminase (also known as adenosine aminohydrolase, or ADA) is an enzyme (EC 3.5.4.4) involved in purine metabolism.
Biliary cyst	A bile duct is any of a number of long tube-like structures that carry bile, and is present in most vertebrates.
International normalised ratio decreased	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Radiotherapy	Radiation therapy or radiotherapy, often abbreviated RT, RTx, or XRT, is therapy using ionizing radiation, generally as part of cancer treatment to control or kill malignant cells and normally delivered by a linear accelerator.
Neoplasm prostate	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Cancer in remission	Cancer in remission
Polychondritis	Relapsing polychondritis is a multi-systemic condition characterized by repeated episodes of inflammation and deterioration of cartilage.
Onychomadesis	Onychomadesis is a periodic idiopathic shedding of the nails beginning at the proximal end, possibly caused by the temporary arrest of the function of the nail matrix.
Laryngitis allergic	Laryngitis is inflammation of the larynx (voice box).
Autoinflammatory disease	Periodic fever syndromes  are a set of disorders characterized by recurrent episodes of systemic and organ-specific inflammation.
Biopsy mucosa abnormal	Biopsy mucosa abnormal
Haemodynamic instability	Hemodynamics or haemodynamics are the dynamics of blood flow.
Osteolysis	Osteolysis is an active resorption of bone matrix by osteoclasts and can be interpreted as the reverse of ossification.
Paediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infection	Paediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infection
Helicobacter infection	Helicobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria possessing a characteristic helical shape.
Carotid aneurysm rupture	Carotid aneurysm rupture
Radiculopathy	Radiculopathy, also commonly referred to as pinched nerve, refers to a set of conditions in which one or more nerves are affected and do not work properly (a neuropathy).
Endometritis	Endometritis is inflammation of the inner lining of the uterus (endometrium).
Cardiac electrophysiologic study normal	Cardiac electrophysiologic study normal
Breathing-related sleep disorder	Breathing-related sleep disorder
Blood cholesterol decreased	Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, either free or bound to other molecules.
Administration site warmth	Administration site warmth
Acute flaccid myelitis	Acute flaccid myelitis (AFM) is a serious condition of the spinal cord.
Labelled drug-food interaction medication error	Labelled drug-food interaction medication error
Product dose omission	Product dose omission
Optic nerve injury	The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II, or simply as CN II, is a paired cranial nerve that transmits visual information from the retina to the brain.
Mumps antibody test negative	Mumps antibody test negative
Incorrect product formulation administered	Incorrect product formulation administered
Lip pruritus	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Product preparation error	Product preparation error
Product preparation issue	Product preparation issue
Cervical vertebral fracture	Cervical vertebral fracture
Throat irritation	Throat irritation can refer to a dry cough, a scratchy feeling at the back of the throat, a sensation of a lumpy feeling, something stuck at the back of the throat, or possibly a feeling of dust in the throat.
Rotator cuff syndrome	A rotator cuff tear is an injury of one or more of the tendons or muscles of the rotator cuff of the shoulder.
Blood lactic acid	Blood lactic acid
Aspiration joint normal	Aspiration joint normal
Middle insomnia	Middle-of-the-night insomnia (MOTN) is characterized by having difficulty returning to sleep after waking up during the night or very early in the morning.
Tongue blistering	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Embolic stroke	A stroke is a medical condition in which poor blood flow to the brain results in cell death.
Bronchogram abnormal	Bronchogram abnormal
Hepatobiliary scan	The biliary tract, (biliary tree or biliary system) refers to the liver, gall bladder and bile ducts, and how they work together to make, store and secrete bile.
Lower respiratory tract congestion	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Nephrolithiasis	Kidney stone disease, also known as urolithiasis, is when a solid piece of material (kidney stone) develops in the urinary tract.
Essential hypertension	Essential hypertension (also called idiopathic hypertension) is the form of hypertension that by definition has no identifiable cause.
Biopsy breast normal	Biopsy breast normal
Culture wound negative	Culture wound negative
Exposure via breast milk	Exposure via breast milk
Device leakage	Device leakage
Viral titre decreased	Viral titre decreased
Acute left ventricular failure	Acute left ventricular failure
Product container issue	Product container issue
Allergy to synthetic fabric	Allergy to synthetic fabric
Influenza virus test	"Orthomyxoviridae (ὀρθός, orthós, Greek for ""straight""; μύξα, mýxa, Greek for ""mucus"") is a family of RNA viruses."
Skin warm	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Product administered at inappropriate site	Product administered at inappropriate site
Lip blister	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Fungal test	A fungus (plural: fungi or funguses) is any member of the group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as the more familiar mushrooms.
Product prescribing error	Product prescribing error
Wrong patient received product	Wrong patient received product
Intercepted product prescribing error	Intercepted product prescribing error
Product appearance confusion	Product appearance confusion
Splenomegaly	Splenomegaly is an enlargement of the spleen.
Corneal epithelium defect	The corneal epithelium (epithelium corneæ anterior layer) is made up of epithelial tissue and covers the front of the cornea.
Amniotic fluid index	Amniotic fluid index (AFI) is a quantitative estimate of amniotic fluid and an indicator of fetal well-being.
Drug dispensed to wrong patient	Drug dispensed to wrong patient
Aspergillus test	Aspergillus () is a genus consisting of a few hundred mould species found in various climates worldwide.
Gastrostomy	Gastrostomy is the creation of an artificial external opening into the stomach for nutritional support or gastric decompression.
Injection site deformation	Injection site deformation
Taste disorder	Dysgeusia, also known as parageusia, is a distortion of the sense of taste.
Candida test	Candida test
Hyponatriuria	Hyponatriuria
Joint injection	In medicine, a joint injection (intra-articular injection) is a procedure used in the treatment of inflammatory joint conditions, such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, gout, tendinitis, bursitis, Carpal Tunnel Syndrome,  and occasionally osteoarthritis.
Viral rash	An exanthem is a widespread rash occurring on the outside of the body and usually occurring in children.
Differential white blood cell count	Differential white blood cell count
Aptyalism	Aptyalism
Product use in unapproved indication	Product use in unapproved indication
Periorbital swelling	The periorbita is the area around the orbit.
Poor quality product administered	Poor quality product administered
Cataract nuclear	A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye which leads to a decrease in vision.
Metabolic encephalopathy	"Metabolism (, from Greek: μεταβολή metabolē, ""change"") is the set of life-sustaining chemical reactions in organisms."
Ear haemorrhage	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Polymerase chain reaction positive	Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) is a method widely used in molecular biology to make several  copies of a specific DNA segment.
Back injury	Back injuries result from damage, wear, or trauma to the bones, muscles, or other tissues of the back.
Device failure	Device failure
Retinal oedema	Macular edema occurs when fluid and protein deposits collect on or under the macula of the eye (a yellow central area of the retina) and causes it to thicken and swell (edema).
Meralgia paraesthetica	Meralgia paresthetica or meralgia paraesthetica  is numbness or pain in the outer thigh not caused by injury to the thigh, but by injury to a nerve that extends from the spinal column to the thigh.
Chlamydia test	Chlamydia, or more specifically a chlamydia infection, is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis.
Acquired diaphragmatic eventration	Acquired diaphragmatic eventration
Cataract operation	"Cataract surgery, also called lens replacement surgery, is the removal of the natural lens of the eye (also called ""crystalline lens"") that has developed an opacification, which is referred to as a cataract, and its replacement with an intraocular lens."
Band neutrophil count decreased	Band neutrophil count decreased
Genital herpes simplex	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Myelofibrosis	Primary myelofibrosis is a relatively rare bone marrow/blood cancer.
Manufacturing product shipping issue	Manufacturing product shipping issue
Product supply issue	Product supply issue
Maternal exposure during breast feeding	Maternal exposure during breast feeding
Seborrhoeic dermatitis	Seborrhoeic dermatitis, also known as seborrhoea, is a long-term skin disorder.
Joint noise	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Amniorrhoea	Amniorrhoea
Blood pressure inadequately controlled	Blood pressure inadequately controlled
Administration site infection	Administration site infection
Lip erythema	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Chromosome analysis normal	Cytogenetics is a branch of genetics that is concerned with how the chromosomes relate to cell behaviour, particularly to their behaviour during mitosis and meiosis.
Measles antibody positive	Measles antibody positive
Liquid product physical issue	Liquid product physical issue
Vaccination site discomfort	Vaccination site discomfort
Eyelids pruritus	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Blister rupture	A blister is a small pocket of body fluid (lymph, serum, plasma, blood, or pus) within the upper layers of the skin, typically caused by forceful rubbing (friction), burning, freezing, chemical exposure or infection.
Morbillivirus test positive	Morbillivirus test positive
Thalassaemia	Thalassemias are inherited blood disorders characterized by abnormal hemoglobin production.
Muscle strain	A strain is an acute or chronic soft tissue injury that occurs to a muscle, tendon, or both (contractile components).
Congenital ureterovesical junction anomaly	Congenital ureterovesical junction anomaly
Oropharyngeal blistering	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Neck mass	A neck mass or neck lump is an ambiguous mass found in the neck area.
Blood heavy metal normal	Blood heavy metal normal
Cerebrovascular arteriovenous malformation	Cerebrovascular arteriovenous malformation
Injection site scab	Injection site scab
Patient isolation	In health care facilities, isolation represents one of several measures that can be taken to implement infection control: the prevention of contagious diseases from being spread from a patient to other patients, health care workers, and visitors, or from outsiders to a particular patient (reverse isolation).
Corneal endotheliitis	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Breast enlargement	Breast enlargement is the enlargement of the breasts.
Drug screen negative	A drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen, for example urine, hair, blood, breath, sweat, and/or oral fluid/saliva—to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites.
Menstruation normal	Menstruation, also known as a period or monthly, is the regular discharge of blood and mucosal tissue (known as menses) from the inner lining of the uterus through the vagina.
Thyroid disorder	Thyroid disease is a medical condition that affects the function of the thyroid gland.
Cortical dysplasia	Focal cortical dysplasia (FCD) is a congenital abnormality of brain development where the neurons in an area of the brain failed to migrate in the proper formation in utero.
Injection site indentation	Injection site indentation
Metabolic function test normal	Metabolic function test normal
Polymerase chain reaction	Polymerase chain reaction (PCR) is a method widely used in molecular biology to make several  copies of a specific DNA segment.
Influenza A virus test negative	Influenza A virus test negative
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex test positive	Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex test positive
Arthroscopic surgery	Arthroscopy (also called arthroscopic or keyhole surgery) is a minimally invasive surgical procedure on a joint in which an examination and sometimes treatment of damage is performed using an arthroscope, an endoscope that is inserted into the joint through a small incision.
Eyelid irritation	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Dental operation	Dental operation
Therapeutic response unexpected	Therapeutic response unexpected
Cancer surgery	Surgical oncology is the branch of surgery applied to oncology; it focuses on the surgical management of tumors, especially cancerous tumors.
Injection site streaking	Injection site streaking
Nasal mucosal blistering	Nasal mucosal blistering
Vitreous floaters	"Floaters are sometimes visible deposits within the eye's vitreous humour (""the vitreous""), which is normally transparent."
Gene mutation	In biology, a mutation is the alteration of the nucleotide sequence of the genome of an organism, virus, or extrachromosomal DNA.Mutations result from errors during DNA replication, mitosis, and meiosis, or other types of damage to DNA (such as pyrimidine dimers that may be caused by exposure to radiation or carcinogens), which then may undergo error-prone repair (especially microhomology-mediated end joining), or cause an error during other forms of repair, or else may cause an error during replication (translesion synthesis).
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging brain abnormal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging brain abnormal
Cartilage injury	Cartilage is a resilient and smooth  elastic tissue, a rubber-like padding that covers and protects the ends of long bones at the joints, and is a structural component of the rib cage, the ear, the nose, the bronchial tubes, the intervertebral discs, and many other body components.
Human papilloma virus test negative	Human papilloma virus test negative
Documented hypersensitivity to administered product	Documented hypersensitivity to administered product
Liver function test increased	Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs), also referred to as a hepatic panel, are groups of blood tests that provide information about the state of a patient's liver.
Initial insomnia	In a written or published work, an initial or drop cap is a letter at the beginning of a word, a chapter, or a paragraph that is larger than the rest of the text.
Product colour issue	Product colour issue
Exercise electrocardiogram	Exercise is any bodily activity that enhances or maintains physical fitness and overall health and wellness.
Serology negative	Serology is the scientific study of serum and other bodily fluids.
Brain natriuretic peptide increased	Brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), also known as B-type natriuretic peptide, is a hormone secreted by cardiomyocytes in the heart ventricles in response to stretching caused by increased ventricular blood volume.
Dark circles under eyes	Dark circles under eyes
Blood lead normal	Blood lead normal
Gynaecomastia	Gynecomastia (also spelled Gynaecomastia) is an endocrine system disorder in which a noncancerous increase in the size of male breast tissue occurs.
Circumoral swelling	Circumoral swelling
Wound	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Tendon rupture	"Tendon rupture is a condition in which a tendon separates in whole or in part from tissue to which it is attached, or is itself torn or otherwise divided in whole or in part.Examples include:

Achilles tendon rupture
Biceps tendon rupture
Anterior cruciate ligament injury
Biceps femoris tendon rupture and Quadriceps tendon rupture
Cruciate ligament#Rupture
Patellar tendon rupture"
Eschar	An eschar (; Greek: eschara) is a slough or piece of dead tissue that is cast off from the surface of the skin, particularly after a  burn injury, but also seen in gangrene, ulcer, fungal infections, necrotizing spider bite wounds, tick bites associated with spotted fevers, and exposure to cutaneous anthrax.
Blood magnesium	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Perioral dermatitis	Perioral dermatitis is a type of skin rash.
Product leakage	Product leakage
Abdominal wall neoplasm malignant	Abdominal wall neoplasm malignant
Anticoagulation drug level	Anticoagulation drug level
Stomatitis	Stomatitis is inflammation of the mouth and lips.
Apgar score low	The Apgar score is a method to quickly summarize the health of newborn children against infant mortality.
Systemic inflammatory response syndrome	Systemic inflammatory response syndrome (SIRS) is an inflammatory state affecting the whole body.
Tetanus	Tetanus, also known as lockjaw, is a bacterial infection characterized by muscle spasms.
Electrocardiogram ambulatory abnormal	Electrocardiogram ambulatory abnormal
Eye infection viral	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Bacterial vulvovaginitis	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Tendon pain	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Phantom limb syndrome	A phantom limb is the sensation that an amputated or missing limb is still attached.
Oral disorder	Oral disorder
Meningoencephalitis herpetic	"Meningoencephalitis (; from Greek μῆνιγξ meninx, ""membrane"", ἐγκέφαλος, enképhalos ""brain"", and the medical suffix -itis, ""inflammation""), also known as herpes meningoencephalitis, is a medical condition that simultaneously resembles both meningitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the meninges, and encephalitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the brain."
Pain in jaw	Pain in jaw
Jaw disorder	The jaw is any opposable articulated structure at the entrance of the mouth, typically used for grasping and manipulating food.
Injection site nerve damage	Injection site nerve damage
Secondary transmission	Secondary transmission
Aspiration bursa abnormal	Aspiration bursa abnormal
DNA antibody	Deoxyribonucleic acid ( (listen); DNA) is a molecule composed of two chains that coil around each other to form a double helix carrying genetic instructions for the development, functioning, growth and reproduction of all known organisms and many viruses.
Lymphatic disorder	Lymphatic disease is a class of disorders which directly affect the components of the lymphatic system.
Dysbiosis	Dysbiosis (also called dysbacteriosis) is a term for a microbial imbalance or maladaptation on or inside the body, such as an impaired microbiota.
Administration site irritation	Administration site irritation
Histamine intolerance	Histamine intolerance, sometimes called histaminosis, is an over-accumulation of histamine in the human body.
Gross motor delay	Gross motor delay
Hepatitis viral test	Hepatitis viral test
Biopsy artery normal	Biopsy artery normal
Retinal tear	Retinal detachment is a disorder of the eye in which the retina separates from the layer underneath.
Eyelid injury	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Aldosterone urine	Aldosterone, the main mineralocorticoid hormone, is a steroid hormone produced by the zona glomerulosa of the adrenal cortex in the adrenal gland.
Meibomian gland dysfunction	"Meibomian glands (often written with a small ""m"" and also called tarsal glands) are holocrine type exocrine glands, along the rims of the eyelid inside the tarsal plate."
Burning mouth syndrome	Burning mouth syndrome (BMS) is a burning sensation in the mouth with no underlying known dental or medical cause.
Spondylitis	Spondylitis is an inflammation of the vertebra.
Generalised vaccinia	A generalization is the formulation of general concepts from specific instances by abstracting common properties.
Therapeutic product effective for unapproved indication	Therapeutic product effective for unapproved indication
Skin laceration	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Intercepted medication error	Intercepted medication error
Eosinophil count normal	Eosinophil count normal
Solar dermatitis	Photodermatitis, sometimes referred to as sun poisoning or photoallergy, is a form of allergic contact dermatitis in which the allergen must be activated by light to sensitize the allergic response, and to cause a rash or other systemic effects on subsequent exposure.
Nasal oedema	Nasal oedema
Product contamination physical	Product contamination physical
Human chorionic gonadotropin negative	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
Night sweats	Night sweats is the occurrence of excessive sweating during sleep.
Biopsy breast abnormal	Biopsy breast abnormal
Barium double contrast abnormal	Barium double contrast abnormal
Growth disorder	Growth disorder
Hair disorder	Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis.
Multiple allergies	Multiple allergies
Allergy to arthropod bite	Allergy to arthropod bite
Faecaloma	A fecal impaction is a solid, immobile bulk of feces that can develop in the rectum as a result of chronic constipation.
Iron deficiency	Iron deficiency, or sideropaenia, is the state in which a body lacks enough iron to supply its needs.
Injection site macule	Injection site macule
Blood testosterone decreased	Blood testosterone decreased
Grimacing	Grimacing
Wrong patient received medication	Wrong patient received medication
Seroconversion test negative	Seroconversion test negative
Cutaneous symptom	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Reaction to excipient	Reaction to excipient
Bladder operation	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Barium swallow	An upper gastrointestinal series, also called an upper gastrointestinal study or contrast radiography of the upper gastrointestinal tract, and often known as a barium meal, is a series of radiographs used to examine the gastrointestinal tract for abnormalities.
Gingival erythema	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Antiphospholipid antibodies	Antiphospholipid syndrome or antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (APS or APLS), is an autoimmune, hypercoagulable state caused by antiphospholipid antibodies.
Complement factor C3	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Complication associated with device	Complication associated with device
Mental status changes	An altered state of consciousness (ASC), also called altered state of mind or mind alteration, is any condition which is significantly different from a normal waking state.
Tongue eruption	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Foreign body sensation in eyes	Foreign body sensation in eyes
Skin exfoliation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
CD4 lymphocytes abnormal	CD4 lymphocytes abnormal
Blood magnesium increased	Blood magnesium increased
Conjunctivochalasis	Conjunctivochalasis is a common eye surface condition characterized by the presence of excess folds of the conjunctiva located between the globe of the eye and the eyelid margin.
Hepatitis C antibody negative	Hepatitis C antibody negative
Ear injury	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Pseudocellulitis	Pseudocellulitis
Anti-transglutaminase antibody	Anti-transglutaminase antibody
Visual acuity tests abnormal	Visual acuity tests abnormal
Anticonvulsant drug level therapeutic	Anticonvulsant drug level therapeutic
Orthopoxvirus test positive	Orthopoxvirus test positive
Frustration tolerance decreased	Frustration tolerance decreased
Cardiac pacemaker evaluation	The contraction of cardiac muscle (heart muscle) in all animals is initiated by electrical impulses known as action potentials.
Palindromic rheumatism	Palindromic rheumatism (PR) consists of sudden and rapidly developing attacks of arthritis.
Ejection fraction normal	An ejection fraction (EF) is the volumetric fraction (or portion of the total) of fluid (usually blood) ejected from a chamber (usually the heart) with each contraction (or heartbeat).
Arteriovenous malformation	Arteriovenous malformation is an abnormal connection between arteries and veins, bypassing the capillary system.
Volvulus	A volvulus is when a loop of intestine twists around itself and the mesentery that supports it, resulting in a bowel obstruction.
Drug dose omission	Drug dose omission
Blood pressure diastolic decreased	Blood pressure diastolic decreased
Dental caries	Tooth decay, also known as dental caries or cavities, is a breakdown of teeth due to acids made by bacteria.
Aspiration bursa	In medicine, devices are sometimes necessary to create suction.
Circumstance or information capable of leading to device use error	Circumstance or information capable of leading to device use error
Complement factor	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Face and mouth X-ray	Face and mouth X-ray
Blood creatine phosphokinase BB	Blood creatine phosphokinase BB
Central nervous system stimulation	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Device breakage	Device breakage
Blood corticotrophin decreased	Blood corticotrophin decreased
Herpes zoster pharyngitis	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Activated partial thromboplastin time ratio normal	Activated partial thromboplastin time ratio normal
Genital swelling	The labioscrotal swellings (genital swellings or labioscrotal folds) are paired structures in the human embryo that represent the final stage of development of the caudal end of the external genitals before sexual differentiation.
Blood creatine increased	Blood creatine increased
Treponema test positive	Treponema test positive
Somnambulism	Sleepwalking, also known as somnambulism or noctambulism, is a phenomenon of combined sleep and wakefulness.
Breast ulceration	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Hepatitis B DNA decreased	Hepatitis B DNA decreased
Herpes zoster infection neurological	Herpes zoster infection neurological
Injection site exfoliation	Injection site exfoliation
Coronary artery occlusion	Myocardial infarction (MI), also known as a heart attack, occurs when blood flow decreases or stops to a part of the heart, causing damage to the heart muscle.
Enlarged uvula	Enlarged uvula
Breast discomfort	"Breast tension is a constellation of symptoms involving the breasts including:

Breast tenderness
Breast pain
Breast engorgement"
Cerebral ataxia	Ataxia is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements that can include gait abnormality, speech changes, and abnormalities in eye movements.
Arterial fibrosis	An artery (plural arteries) (from Greek  ἀρτηρία (artēria), meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that takes blood  away from the heart to all parts of the body (tissues, lungs, etc.).
Psychogenic seizure	Psychogenic pain is physical pain that is caused, increased, or prolonged by mental, emotional, or behavioral factors.Headache, back pain, or stomach pain are some of the most common types of psychogenic pain.
Vertigo positional	Vertigo is a symptom where a person feels as if they or the objects around them are moving when they are not.
Negative thoughts	Negative thoughts
Temporomandibular joint syndrome	Temporomandibular joint dysfunction (TMD, TMJD) is an umbrella term covering pain and dysfunction of the muscles of mastication (the muscles that move the jaw) and the temporomandibular joints (the joints which connect the mandible to the skull).
Allergic respiratory symptom	Allergic respiratory symptom
Microscopy	Microscopy is the technical field of using microscopes to view objects and areas of objects that cannot be seen with the naked eye (objects that are not within the resolution range of the normal eye).
Radioallergosorbent test	A radioallergosorbent test (RAST) is a blood test using radioimmunoassay test to detect specific IgE antibodies, to determine the substances a subject is allergic to.
Analgesic drug level	Analgesic drug level
Coronary artery bypass	"Coronary artery bypass surgery, also known as coronary artery bypass graft (CABG, pronounced ""cabbage"") surgery, and colloquially heart bypass or bypass surgery, is a surgical procedure to restore normal blood flow to an obstructed coronary artery."
Arterial disorder	An artery (plural arteries) (from Greek  ἀρτηρία (artēria), meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that takes blood  away from the heart to all parts of the body (tissues, lungs, etc.).
Eyelid margin crusting	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Anti-HLA antibody test positive	Anti-HLA antibody test positive
Protein total increased	Protein total increased
Nerve compression	Nerve compression syndrome or compression neuropathy, is a medical condition caused by direct pressure on a nerve.
Discharge	Discharge
Oral discomfort	Oral discomfort
Corneal lesion	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Adverse food reaction	An adverse food reaction is an adverse response by the body to food or a specific type of food.The most common adverse reaction is a food allergy, which is an adverse immune response to either a specific type or a range of food proteins.
Administration site nodule	Administration site nodule
Laziness	"Laziness (also known as indolence) is disinclination to activity or exertion despite having the ability to act or to
exert oneself."
Angiogram cerebral	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Ingrown hair	Ingrown hair is a condition where a hair curls back or grows sideways into the skin.
Lip dry	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Capillaritis	Capillaritis is where the capillaries, usually of the legs or lungs, are inflamed.It may occur in the lungs as pulmonary capillaritis, or in the skin as pigmented purpuric dermatosis.
Application site odour	Application site odour
Bursal fluid accumulation	Bursal fluid accumulation
Respiratory symptom	The respiratory system (also respiratory apparatus, ventilatory system) is a biological system consisting of specific organs and structures used for gas exchange in animals and plants.
Precancerous mucosal lesion	Precancerous mucosal lesion
Adenosine deaminase decreased	Adenosine deaminase (also known as adenosine aminohydrolase, or ADA) is an enzyme (EC 3.5.4.4) involved in purine metabolism.
Skin indentation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Cystitis interstitial	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Orthopaedic examination	Orthopedic surgery or orthopedics, also spelled orthopaedics, is the branch of surgery concerned with conditions involving the musculoskeletal system.
Product substitution error	Product substitution error
Mycoplasma test negative	Mycoplasma test negative
Arteriospasm coronary	Arteriospasm coronary
Autoscopy	Autoscopy is the experience in which an individual perceives the surrounding environment from a different perspective, from a position outside of his or her own body.
Product label confusion	A label (as distinct from signage) is a piece of paper, plastic film, cloth, metal, or other material affixed to a container or product, on which is written or printed information or symbols about the product or item.
Soft tissue swelling	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Eye patch application	An eyepatch is a small patch that is worn in front of one eye.
Injury corneal	Injury, also known as physical trauma, is damage to the body caused by external force.
Drug physiologic incompatibility	Drug physiologic incompatibility
Lung lobectomy	Lobectomy of the lung is a surgical operation where a lobe of the lung is removed.
Cardiac discomfort	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Streptococcus test negative	Streptococcus test negative
Renal injury	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Chalazion	Chalazion is a cyst in the eyelid due to a blocked oil gland.
Oral papilloma	Oral papilloma
Fungal skin infection	An infection of the skin and skin structure is an infection—generally in humans, but relevant to other animals as well—of the animal's skin and associated soft tissues (such as loose connective tissue and mucous membranes).
DNA antibody positive	DNA antibody positive
Herpes simplex test	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Bone scan	A bone scan or bone scintigraphy  is a nuclear medicine imaging technique of the bone.
Bone swelling	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Cafe au lait spots	Café au lait spots, or café au lait macules, are flat, pigmented birthmarks.
Biofeedback therapy	Biofeedback is the process of gaining greater awareness of many physiological functions primarily using instruments that provide information on the activity of those same systems, with a goal of being able to manipulate them at will.
Blood lactate dehydrogenase normal	Blood lactate dehydrogenase normal
Booster dose missed	In medical terms, a booster dose is an extra administration of a vaccine after an earlier (prime) dose.
Product reconstitution quality issue	Product reconstitution quality issue
Lip injury	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Lower respiratory tract infection viral	Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), while often used as a synonym for pneumonia, can also be applied to other types of infection including lung abscess and acute bronchitis.
Blood alcohol	Blood alcohol concentration (BAC), also called blood alcohol content, blood ethanol concentration, or blood alcohol level, is most commonly used as a metric of alcohol intoxication for legal or medical purposes.
Gingival discomfort	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Dental examination normal	Dental examination normal
Blindness cortical	Visual impairment, also known as vision impairment or vision loss, is a decreased ability to see to a degree that causes problems not fixable by usual means, such as glasses.
Blood alkaline phosphatase decreased	Blood alkaline phosphatase decreased
Eye irrigation	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Agglutination test	Agglutination is a linguistic process pertaining to derivational morphology in which complex words are formed by stringing together morphemes without changing them in spelling or phonetics.
Skin discomfort	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Tooth infection	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Benign prostatic hyperplasia	Benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), also called prostate enlargement, is a noncancerous increase in size of the prostate gland.
Blood iron normal	Blood iron normal
Paranasal sinus discomfort	Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity.
Human metapneumovirus test positive	Human metapneumovirus test positive
Poor quality drug administered	Poor quality drug administered
Infective myositis	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Mast cell activation syndrome	Mast cell activation syndrome (MCAS) is one type of mast cell activation disorder (MCAD), and is an immunological condition in which mast cells inappropriately and excessively release chemical mediators, resulting in a range of chronic symptoms, sometimes including anaphylaxis or near-anaphylaxis attacks.
Biopsy artery	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Head banging	Headbanging is  violently shaking one's head in time with music.
Lymphopenia	Lymphocytopenia is the condition of having an abnormally low level of lymphocytes in the blood.
Corneal oedema	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Skin striae	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Endoscopy normal	An endoscopy (looking inside) is used in medicine to look inside the body.
Gingival discolouration	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Diabetic foot	"A diabetic foot is a foot that exhibits any pathology that results directly from diabetes mellitus or any long-term (or ""chronic"") complication of diabetes mellitus."
Photophobia	Photophobia is a symptom of abnormal intolerance to visual perception of light.
Pulse absent	In medicine, a pulse represents the tactile arterial palpation of the heartbeat by trained fingertips.
Alien limb syndrome	Alien hand syndrome (AHS) or Dr. Strangelove syndrome is a category of conditions in which a person experiences their limbs acting seemingly on their own, without conscious control over the actions.
Alcohol test	In chemistry, alcohols are organic compounds that carry at least one hydroxyl functional group (C–OH) bound to their aliphatic substructure.
Exposure to contaminated device	Exposure to contaminated device
Sunburn	Sunburn is a form of radiation burn that affects living tissue, such as skin, that results from an overexposure to ultraviolet (UV) radiation, usually from the Sun.
Varicella zoster pneumonia	Human alphaherpesvirus 3 (HHV-3), usually referred to as the varicella-zoster virus (VZV), is one of eight herpesviruses known to infect humans.
Pregnancy	Pregnancy, also known as gestation, is the time during which one or more offspring develops inside a woman.
Urinary incontinence	Urinary incontinence (UI), also known as involuntary urination, is any uncontrolled leakage of urine.
Tongue ulceration	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Positron emission tomogram	Positron emission or beta plus decay (β+ decay) is a subtype of radioactive decay called beta decay, in which a proton inside a radionuclide nucleus is converted into a neutron while releasing a positron and an electron neutrino (νe).
Epstein-Barr virus antibody	The Epstein–Barr virus (EBV, sometimes abbreviated as EPV), formally called Human gammaherpesvirus 4, is one of the nine known human herpesvirus types in the herpes family, and is one of the most common viruses in humans.
Cervicogenic vertigo	Cervicogenic vertigo
Viral myocarditis	Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation of the heart muscle.
Eye burns	Photokeratitis or ultraviolet keratitis is a painful eye condition caused by exposure of insufficiently protected eyes to the ultraviolet (UV) rays from either natural (e.g.
Oral pruritus	Oral pruritus
Vitreous detachment	A posterior vitreous detachment (PVD) is a condition of the eye in which the vitreous membrane separates from the retina.
Cerumen removal	Earwax, also known by the medical term cerumen, is a brown, orange, red or yellowish waxy substance secreted in the ear canal of humans and other mammals.
Dental care	Oral hygiene is the practice of keeping one's mouth clean and free of disease and other problems (e.g.
Prostatic specific antigen increased	Prostate-specific antigen (PSA), also known as gamma-seminoprotein or kallikrein-3 (KLK3), is a glycoprotein enzyme encoded in humans by the KLK3 gene.
Bandaemia	Bandaemia
Mastocytoma	A mastocytoma or mast cell tumor is  a type of round-cell tumor consisting of mast cells.
Bickerstaff's encephalitis	Bickerstaff brainstem encephalitis is a rare inflammatory disorder of the central nervous system, first described by Edwin Bickerstaff in 1951.
Antral follicle count	An antral follicle (or secondary follicle) is an ovarian follicle during a certain latter stage of folliculogenesis.
Chronic disease	A Chronic condition is a human health condition or disease that is persistent or otherwise long-lasting in its effects or a disease that comes with time.
Blood magnesium normal	Blood magnesium normal
Papilloma excision	A papilloma (plural papillomas or papillomata) (papillo- + -oma) is a benign epithelial tumor growing exophytically (outwardly projecting) in nipple-like and often finger-like fronds.
Flashback	Flashback
Joint fluid drainage	Joint fluid drainage
Hospice care	Hospice care is a type of care and philosophy of care that focuses on the palliation of a chronically ill, terminally ill or seriously ill patient's pain and symptoms, and attending to their emotional and spiritual needs.
Decorticate posture	Abnormal posturing is an involuntary flexion or extension of the arms and legs, indicating severe brain injury.
Suicidal ideation	Suicidal ideation, also known as suicidal thoughts, is thinking about, considering, or planning suicide.
Tongue discomfort	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Device use issue	Device use issue
Plantar fasciitis	Plantar fasciitis is a disorder of the connective tissue which supports the arch of the foot.
Bartonella test	Bartonella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria.
Parosmia	"Parosmia is a dysfunction with smell detection that is characterized by the inability of the brain to properly identify an odor's ""natural"" smell."
Ear infection viral	Otitis is a general term for inflammation or inflammation of the ear, in both humans and other animals.
Eyeglasses therapy	Glasses, also known as eyeglasses or spectacles, are devices consisting of glass or hard plastic lenses mounted in a frame that holds them in front of a person's eyes, typically using a bridge over the nose and arms which rest over the ears.
Blood lactate dehydrogenase	Lactic acid is an organic acid.
Rubber sensitivity	Natural rubber, also called by other names of India  rubber, latex, Amazonian rubber, caucho or caoutchouc, as initially produced, consists of polymers of the organic compound isoprene, with minor impurities of other organic compounds, plus water.
Anion gap decreased	The anion gap (AG or AGAP) is a value calculated from the results of multiple individual medical lab tests.
Product distribution issue	A product distribution is a probability distribution constructed as the distribution of the product of random variables having two other known distributions.
Self-medication	Self-medication is a human behavior in which an individual uses a substance or any exogenous influence to self-administer treatment for physical or psychological ailments.
Balanoposthitis	Balanitis is inflammation of the glans penis.
Axillary vein thrombosis	"Thrombosis (from Ancient Greek θρόμβωσις thrómbōsis ""clotting”) is the formation of a blood clot inside a blood vessel, obstructing the flow of blood through the circulatory system."
Excessive skin	Spherical trigonometry is the branch of spherical geometry that deals with the relationships between trigonometric functions of the sides and angles of the spherical polygons (especially spherical triangles) defined by a number of intersecting great circles on the sphere.
Electrocardiogram ST segment elevation	Electrocardiogram ST segment elevation
Reaction to preservatives	Reaction to preservatives
Staphylococcal skin infection	Staphylococcal skin infection
Hypertonic bladder	Tonicity is a measure of the effective osmotic pressure gradient; the water potential of two solutions separated by a semipermeable membrane cell membrane.
Bone scan normal	A bone scan or bone scintigraphy  is a nuclear medicine imaging technique of the bone.
Cardiac assistance device user	Cardiac assistance device user
Increased upper airway secretion	Increased upper airway secretion
Eye allergy	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Gastrointestinal sounds abnormal	Gastrointestinal sounds abnormal
CSF myelin basic protein increased	CSF myelin basic protein increased
Drug administered in wrong device	Drug administered in wrong device
Mastication disorder	Chewing or mastication is the process by which food is crushed and ground by teeth.
Complication of device insertion	Complication of device insertion
Swelling of eyelid	Swelling of eyelid
Sensitivity of teeth	Sensitivity of teeth
Blood ketone body	Blood ketone body
Blood cholesterol abnormal	Blood lipids (or blood fats) are lipids in the blood, either free or bound to other molecules.
Eyelid infection	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Rosacea	Rosacea is a long-term skin condition that typically affects the face.
Computerised tomogram abdomen	Computerised tomogram abdomen
Cerebellar stroke	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Hip arthroplasty	Hip replacement is a surgical procedure in which the hip joint is replaced by a prosthetic implant, that is, a hip prosthesis.
Oxygen saturation normal	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Torticollis	Torticollis, also known as wry neck, is a dystonic condition defined by an abnormal, asymmetrical head or neck position, which may be due to a variety of causes.
Alpha 1 foetoprotein abnormal	Alpha 1 foetoprotein abnormal
Aneurysm ruptured	An aneurysm is an outward bulging, likened to a bubble or balloon, caused by a localized, abnormal, weak spot on a blood vessel wall.
Heart sounds abnormal	Heart sounds are the noises generated by the beating heart and the resultant flow of blood through it.
Corneal abrasion	Corneal abrasion is a scratch to the surface of the cornea of the eye.
Culture tissue specimen	Culture tissue specimen
Micturition urgency	Urination is the release of urine from the urinary bladder through the urethra to the outside of the body.
Vaccination site infection	Vaccination site infection
Idiopathic urticaria	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Fibrin D dimer normal	Fibrin D dimer normal
Anterior chamber inflammation	The anterior chamber (AC) is the aqueous humor-filled space inside the eye between the iris and the cornea's innermost surface, the endothelium.
5'nucleotidase increased	5'nucleotidase increased
Alcohol test negative	Alcohol test negative
Therapeutic product cross-reactivity	Therapeutic product cross-reactivity
Acanthosis nigricans	Acanthosis nigricans is a brown to black, poorly defined, velvety hyperpigmentation of the skin.
Product packaging quantity issue	Product packaging quantity issue
Pigmentation disorder	Pigmentation disorders are disturbances of human skin color, either loss or reduction, which may be related to loss of melanocytes or the inability of melanocytes to produce melanin or transport melanosomes correctly.
Injection site coldness	Injection site coldness
Anorectal manometry	Anorectal manometry is a technique used to measure contractility in the anus and rectum.
Adrenal suppression	Adrenal insufficiency is a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce adequate amounts of steroid hormones, primarily cortisol; but may also include impaired production of aldosterone (a mineralocorticoid), which regulates sodium conservation, potassium secretion, and water retention.
Aspergillus test negative	Aspergillus test negative
Femoral nerve palsy	The femoral nerve is a nerve in the thigh that supplies skin on the upper thigh and inner leg, and the muscles that extend the knee.
Vulvovaginal warts	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Product name confusion	Product name confusion
Respiratory viral panel	Respiratory viral panel
Ligament sprain	A ligament is the fibrous connect tissue that connects bones to other bones.
Ligament rupture	A ligament is the fibrous connect tissue that connects bones to other bones.
Intervertebral disc degeneration	Degenerative disc disease (DDD) is a medical condition (ICD-10-CM M51.35-37) in which there are anatomic changes and a loss of function of varying degrees of one or more intervertebral discs of the spine of sufficient magnitude as to cause symptoms.
Blood immunoglobulin M normal	Blood immunoglobulin M normal
Infertility	Infertility is the inability of a person, animal or plant to reproduce by natural means.
Intercepted drug prescribing error	Intercepted drug prescribing error
Haematospermia	Hematospermia (also known as haematospermia, hemospermia, or haemospermia) is the presence of blood in ejaculation.
Noninfective encephalitis	Noninfective encephalitis
Eyelid operation	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Epstein-Barr virus antigen positive	Epstein-Barr virus antigen positive
Abdominal compartment syndrome	Abdominal compartment syndrome (ACS) occurs when the abdomen becomes subject to increased pressure reaching past the point of intra-abdominal hypertension (IAH).
Type IV hypersensitivity reaction	Type IV hypersensitivity is often called delayed type hypersensitivity as the reaction takes several days to develop.
Lip haemorrhage	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Cholecystectomy	Cholecystectomy is the surgical removal of the gallbladder.
Disturbance in social behaviour	Disturbance in social behaviour
Detoxification	Detoxification or detoxication (detox for short) is the physiological or medicinal removal of toxic substances from a living organism, including the human body, which is mainly carried out by the liver.
Ultrasound abdomen	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Blood pressure orthostatic	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Spinal pain	Spinal pain
Adjustment disorder with anxiety	Adjustment disorder with anxiety
Apheresis	"Apheresis (ἀφαίρεσις (aphairesis, ""a taking away"")) is a medical technology in which the blood of a person is passed through an apparatus that separates out one particular constituent and returns the remainder to the circulation."
Vaccine virus shedding	Vaccine virus shedding
Invasive lobular breast carcinoma	Invasive lobular breast carcinoma
Autoimmune colitis	Autoimmunity is the system of immune responses of an organism against its own healthy cells and tissues.
Selective eating disorder	Avoidant/restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID), previously known as selective eating disorder (SED), is a type of eating disorder in which people have a lack of interest in food.
Chromosomal deletion	In genetics, a deletion (also called gene deletion, deficiency, or deletion mutation) (sign: Δ) is a mutation (a genetic aberration) in which a part of a chromosome or a sequence of DNA is left out during DNA replication.
Sinus disorder	Sinus disorder
Product dosage form confusion	Product dosage form confusion
Herpes virus test abnormal	Herpes virus test abnormal
Central venous catheterisation	Central venous catheterisation
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex test	The Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex (MTC or MTBC)  is a genetically related group of Mycobacterium species that can cause tuberculosis in humans or other animals.
Enterovirus test	Enterovirus is a genus of positive-sense single-stranded RNA viruses associated with several human and mammalian diseases.
Seasonal allergy	An allergen is a type of antigen that produces an abnormally vigorous immune response in which the immune system fights off a perceived threat that would otherwise be harmless to the body.
Tourette's disorder	Tourette syndrome (TS or simply Tourette's) is a common neurodevelopmental disorder with onset in childhood, characterized by multiple motor tics and at least one vocal (phonic) tic.
Cold exposure injury	Cold exposure injury
Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex test negative	Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex test negative
Glycosylated haemoglobin normal	Glycated hemoglobin (A1C, hemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, or less commonly HgbA1c, haemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, Hb1c, etc.)
Pathogen resistance	"In biology, a pathogen (Greek: πάθος pathos ""suffering"", ""passion"" and -γενής -genēs ""producer of"") in the oldest and broadest sense, is anything that can produce disease."
Corrective lens user	A corrective lens is a lens typically worn in front of the eye to improve vision.
Blood urea decreased	Blood urea decreased
Infrequent bowel movements	Infrequent bowel movements
CSF glucose decreased	CSF glucose or glycorrhachia is a measurement used to determine the concentration of glucose in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Intercepted drug administration error	Intercepted drug administration error
Menarche	"Menarche ( mi-NAR-kee; Greek: μήν mēn ""month"" + ἀρχή arkhē ""beginning"") is the first menstrual cycle, or first menstrual bleeding, in female humans."
Molluscum contagiosum	Molluscum contagiosum (MC), sometimes called water warts, is a viral infection of the skin that results in small, raised, pink lesions with a dimple in the center.
Pharyngeal paraesthesia	Pharyngeal paraesthesia
Metabolic disorder	A metabolic disorder can happen when abnormal chemical reactions in the body alter the normal metabolic process.
Vaccination site irritation	Vaccination site irritation
Blood carbon monoxide increased	Blood carbon monoxide increased
Chest injury	A chest injury, also known as chest trauma, is any form of physical injury to the chest including the ribs, heart and lungs.
Cystogram	In radiology and urology, a cystography is a procedure used to visualise the urinary bladder.
Arthropod sting	"An arthropod (, from Greek ἄρθρον arthron, ""joint"" and πούς pous, ""foot"" (gen. ποδός)) is an invertebrate animal having an exoskeleton (external skeleton), a segmented body, and paired jointed appendages."
Hepatitis A virus test positive	Hepatitis A virus test positive
Analgesic drug level therapeutic	Analgesic drug level therapeutic
Head lag	A head is the part of an organism which usually includes the ears, brain, forehead, cheeks, chin, eyes, nose, and mouth, each of which aid in various sensory functions such as sight, hearing, smell, and taste, respectively.
Lipoma	A lipoma is a benign tumor made of fat tissue.
Palatal disorder	The palate  is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals.
Urine output decreased	Urination is the release of urine from the urinary bladder through the urethra to the outside of the body.
Erythema infectiosum	"Erythema infectiosum or fifth disease is one of several possible manifestations of infection by parvovirus B19.The name ""fifth disease"" comes from its place on the standard list of rash-causing childhood diseases, which also includes measles (first), scarlet fever (second), rubella (third), Dukes' disease (fourth, but is no longer widely accepted as distinct), and roseola (sixth)."
Oral surgery	Oral and maxillofacial surgery (OMFS or OMS) specializes in surgery of the face, mouth, and jaws.
Vaccination site vesicles	Vaccination site vesicles
Invasive ductal breast carcinoma	Invasive ductal breast carcinoma
Tension headache	Tension headache, also known as tension-type headache (TTH) or stress headache, is the most common type of primary headache.
Nasal injury	Nasal injury
Amniotic membrane rupture test positive	Amniotic membrane rupture test positive
Bullous impetigo	Bullous impetigo is a bacterial skin infection caused by Staphylococcus aureus that results in the formation of large blisters called bullae, usually in areas with skin folds like the armpit, groin, between the fingers or toes, beneath the breast, and between the buttocks.
Transient global amnesia	Transient global amnesia (TGA) is a neurological disorder whose key defining characteristic is a temporary but almost total disruption of short-term memory with a range of problems accessing older memories.
Middle ear effusion	The middle ear is the portion of the ear internal to the eardrum, and external to the oval window of the inner ear.
Angiogram peripheral normal	Angiogram peripheral normal
Epidural blood patch	An epidural blood patch is a surgical procedure that uses autologous blood in order to close one or many holes in the dura mater of the spinal cord, usually as a result of a previous lumbar puncture.
Asplenia	Asplenia refers to the absence of normal spleen function and is associated with some serious infection risks.
Tooth fracture	Dental trauma refers to trauma (injury) to the teeth and/or periodontium (gums, periodontal ligament, alveolar bone), and nearby soft tissues such as the lips, tongue, etc.
Cholecystitis infective	Cholecystitis is inflammation of the gallbladder.
Retinal migraine	Retinal migraine is a retinal disease often accompanied by migraine headache and typically affects only one eye.
Blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio	Blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio
Bone cyst	A bone cyst or geode is a cyst that forms in bone.
Blood aluminium	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Sinus pain	Sinus pain
Soft tissue necrosis	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Dental examination	Dental examination
Muscle rupture	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Respiratory rate decreased	The respiratory rate is the rate at which breathing occurs.
Injection site joint effusion	Injection site joint effusion
Benign neoplasm of thyroid gland	Benign neoplasm of thyroid gland
Thinking abnormal	"Thought encompasses an ""aim-oriented flow of ideas and associations that can lead to a reality-oriented conclusion""."
Excessive cerumen production	Excessive cerumen production
Anaplastic astrocytoma	Anaplastic astrocytoma is a rare WHO grade III type of astrocytoma, which is a type of cancer of the brain.
Fibula fracture	A crus fracture is a fracture of the lower legs bones meaning either or both of the tibia and fibula.
Ear infection bacterial	Otitis is a general term for inflammation or inflammation of the ear, in both humans and other animals.
Alcohol use disorder	Alcoholism, also known as alcohol use disorder (AUD), is a broad term for any drinking of alcohol that results in mental or physical health problems.
Streptococcus test	Streptococcus is a genus of gram-positive coccus (plural cocci) or spherical bacteria that belongs to the family Streptococcaceae, within the order Lactobacillales (lactic acid bacteria), in the phylum Firmicutes.
Brain natriuretic peptide normal	Brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), also known as B-type natriuretic peptide, is a hormone secreted by cardiomyocytes in the heart ventricles in response to stretching caused by increased ventricular blood volume.
X-ray limb normal	X-ray limb normal
Injection site laceration	Injection site laceration
Anaphylactoid syndrome of pregnancy	Anaphylactoid syndrome of pregnancy
Tooth discolouration	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Bacterial toxaemia	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Acardia	A parasitic twin, also known as an asymmetrical or unequal conjoined twin, is the result of the processes that also produce vanishing twins and conjoined twins, and may represent a continuum between the two.
New daily persistent headache	New daily persistent headache (NDPH) is a primary headache syndrome which can mimic chronic migraine and chronic tension-type headache.
Hyposmia	Hyposmia, or microsmia, is a reduced ability to smell and to detect odors.
Echo virus infection	An ECHO (enteric cytopathic human orphan) virus is a type of RNA virus that belongs to the species Enterovirus B, genus Enterovirus of the Picornaviridae family.
HIV antibody negative	The human immunodeficiency viruses (HIV) are two species of Lentivirus (a subgroup of retrovirus) that causes HIV infection and over time acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Campylobacter test positive	Campylobacter test positive
Nerve block	Nerve block or regional nerve blockade is any deliberate interruption of signals traveling along a nerve, often for the purpose of pain relief.
Congenital skin disorder	Congenital skin disorder
JC virus test positive	JC virus test positive
Impaired quality of life	Impaired quality of life
Status asthmaticus	Acute severe asthma is an acute exacerbation of asthma that does not respond to standard treatments of bronchodilators (inhalers) and corticosteroids.
Complications of transplanted lung	Complications of transplanted lung
False negative investigation result	False negative investigation result
Mucosal dryness	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Biopsy colon	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Graft versus host disease	Graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  is a medical complication following the receipt of transplanted tissue from a genetically different person.
Carotid artery dissection	Carotid artery dissection is a separation of the layers of the artery wall supplying oxygen-bearing blood to the head and brain and is the most common cause of stroke in young adults.
Angiogram pulmonary abnormal	Angiogram pulmonary abnormal
Biopsy bronchus normal	Biopsy bronchus normal
Incision site cellulitis	Incision site cellulitis
In vitro fertilisation	"In vitro fertilisation (IVF) is a process of fertilisation where an egg is combined with sperm outside the body, in vitro (""in glass"")."
Adrenalectomy	Adrenalectomy (sometimes written as ADX for the procedure or resulting state) is the surgical removal of one or both (bilateral adrenalectomy) adrenal glands.
Varicella virus test negative	Varicella virus test negative
Joint injury	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Blood uric acid normal	Blood uric acid normal
Cerebrospinal fluid drainage	Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) is a clear, colorless body fluid found in the brain and spinal cord.
Xanthoma	A xanthoma (pl.
Simplex virus test positive	Simplex virus test positive
Labelled drug-disease interaction medication error	Labelled drug-disease interaction medication error
Intentional product misuse	Intentional product misuse
Blood heavy metal test	Blood heavy metal test
Madarosis	Madarosis is a condition that results in the loss of eyelashes, and sometimes eyebrows.
Decubitus ulcer	Pressure ulcers, also known as bedsores, are localized damage to the skin and/or underlying tissue that usually occur over a bony prominence as a result of usually long-term pressure, or pressure in combination with shear or friction.
Treponema test false positive	Treponema test false positive
Vaccination site streaking	Vaccination site streaking
Dupuytren's contracture	Dupuytren's contracture is a condition in which one or more fingers become permanently bent in a flexed position.
Blood alcohol increased	Blood alcohol concentration (BAC), also called blood alcohol content, blood ethanol concentration, or blood alcohol level, is most commonly used as a metric of alcohol intoxication for legal or medical purposes.
Carbohydrate antigen 125 increased	Carbohydrate antigen 125 increased
Distractibility	Distraction is the process of diverting the attention of an individual or group from a desired area of focus and thereby blocking or diminishing the reception of desired information.
Transmission of an infectious agent via product	Transmission of an infectious agent via product
Chronic tic disorder	Tic disorders are defined in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) based on type (motor or phonic) and duration of tics (sudden, rapid, nonrhythmic movements).
Antipsychotic drug level decreased	Antipsychotic drug level decreased
Claustrophobia	Claustrophobia is the fear of being in a small space, room, or confined area and unable to escape.
Prostate cancer	Prostate cancer is the development of cancer in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system.
Product reconstitution issue	Product reconstitution issue
Nasal discharge discolouration	Rhinorrhea or rhinorrhoea is a condition where the nasal cavity is filled with a significant amount of mucus fluid.
Upper extremity mass	The upper limb or upper extremity is the region in a vertebrate animal extending from the deltoid region up to and including the hand, including the arm, axilla and shoulder.
Skin abrasion	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Gastric ulcer haemorrhage	Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus.
Giardiasis	Giardiasis, popularly known as beaver fever, is a parasitic disease caused by Giardia duodenalis (also known as G. lamblia and G. intestinalis).
Absent bowel movement	Absent bowel movement
Antibiotic therapy	An antibiotic is a type of antimicrobial substance active against bacteria and is the most important type of antibacterial agent for fighting bacterial infections.
Biopsy prostate	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Tooth extraction	A dental extraction (also referred to as tooth extraction, exodontia, exodontics, or informally, tooth pulling) is the removal of teeth from the dental alveolus (socket) in the alveolar bone.
Arterial injury	An artery (plural arteries) (from Greek  ἀρτηρία (artēria), meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that takes blood  away from the heart to all parts of the body (tissues, lungs, etc.).
Genital disorder male	Genital disorder male
Male sexual dysfunction	Sexual dysfunction is difficulty experienced by an individual or a couple during any stage of a normal sexual activity, including physical pleasure, desire, preference, arousal or orgasm.
Physical disability	A physical disability is a limitation on a person's physical functioning, mobility, dexterity or stamina.
Protein C deficiency	Protein C deficiency is a rare genetic trait that predisposes to thrombotic disease.
Accidental exposure to product packaging	Accidental exposure to product packaging
Endocrine test normal	Endocrine test normal
Basosquamous carcinoma	Basosquamous carcinoma
Benign lymph node neoplasm	Benign lymph node neoplasm
Blood alcohol normal	Blood alcohol concentration (BAC), also called blood alcohol content, blood ethanol concentration, or blood alcohol level, is most commonly used as a metric of alcohol intoxication for legal or medical purposes.
Ear abrasion	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Metabolic function test	Metabolic function test
Blood insulin decreased	Blood insulin decreased
Seroma	A seroma is a pocket of clear serous fluid that sometimes develops in the body after surgery.
Breast haemorrhage	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Pulmonary granuloma	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Transfusion	Blood transfusion is the process of transferring blood or blood products into one's circulation intravenously.
Carotid pulse abnormal	In anatomy, the left and right common carotid arteries (carotids) (English:  ) are arteries that supply the head and neck with oxygenated blood; they divide in the neck to form the external and internal carotid arteries.
Genital neoplasm malignant female	Genital neoplasm malignant female
Skin test positive	A skin test is a medical test in which a substance is injected into the skin.
Onychomycosis	Onychomycosis, also known as tinea unguium, is a fungal infection of the nail.
Microscopic polyangiitis	Microscopic polyangiitis is an ill-defined autoimmune disease characterized by a systemic, pauci-immune, necrotizing, small-vessel vasculitis without clinical or pathological evidence of necrotizing granulomatous inflammation.
Mumps antibody test positive	Mumps antibody test positive
Product contamination	Product contamination
Glucose urine absent	Glucose urine absent
Trismus	Trismus, also called lockjaw, is reduced opening of the jaws (limited jaw range of motion).
Device function test	Device function test
Thyroid function test normal	Thyroid function tests (TFTs) is a collective term for blood tests used to check the function of the thyroid.TFTs may be requested if a patient is thought to suffer from hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) or hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), or to monitor the effectiveness of either thyroid-suppression or hormone replacement therapy.
Blood ethanol normal	Blood ethanol normal
Haemophilia	Haemophilia is a mostly inherited genetic disorder that impairs the body's ability to make blood clots, a process needed to stop bleeding.
Implantable cardiac monitor insertion	Implantable cardiac monitor insertion
Acne varioliformis	Acne miliaris necrotica is a rare condition consisting of follicular vesicopustules, sometimes occurring as solitary lesions that are usually very itchy.
Computerised tomogram thorax	Computerised tomogram thorax
Culture cervix	Culture () is an umbrella term which encompasses the social behavior and norms found in human societies, as well as the knowledge, beliefs, arts, laws, customs, capabilities and habits of the individuals in these groups.Humans acquire culture through the learning processes of enculturation and socialization, which is shown by the diversity of cultures across societies.
Ovarian disorder	Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a set of symptoms due to elevated androgens (male hormones) in females.
Congenital cystic kidney disease	Congenital cystic kidney disease
Cellulitis of male external genital organ	Cellulitis of male external genital organ
Vulvar dysplasia	"Dysplasia (from Ancient Greek δυσ- dys-,  ""bad"" or ""difficult"" and πλάσις plasis, ""formation"") is an abnormal growth or development of cells (microscopic scale) and/or organs (macroscopic scale), and/or the abnormal histology or anatomical structure presumably resulting from such growth."
Vulvovaginal erythema	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Fungal test positive	Fungal test positive
Bloch-Sulzberger syndrome	Incontinentia pigmenti (IP) is a rare X-linked dominant genetic disorder that affects the skin, hair, teeth, nails and central nervous system.
Encephalitis meningococcal	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Exposure via body fluid	Exposure via body fluid
Varicella zoster virus infection	Human alphaherpesvirus 3 (HHV-3), usually referred to as the varicella-zoster virus (VZV), is one of eight herpesviruses known to infect humans.
Maculopathy	A maculopathy is any pathological condition of the macula, an area at the centre of the retina that is associated with highly sensitive, accurate vision.
Cardiac ablation	Catheter ablation is a procedure used to remove or terminate a faulty electrical pathway from sections of the hearts of those who are prone to developing cardiac arrhythmias such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, supraventricular tachycardias (SVT) and Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome (WPW syndrome).
Chronic throat clearing	Chronic throat clearing
Fracture treatment	A bone fracture  (sometimes abbreviated FRX or Fx, Fx, or #) is a medical condition in which there is a partial or complete break in the continuity of the bone.
Fine motor delay	Fine motor delay
Joint dislocation	A joint dislocation, also called luxation, occurs when there is an abnormal separation in the joint, where two or more bones meet.
Hypoaesthesia eye	Hypoesthesia is a common side effect of various medical conditions which manifests as a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli.
Anaemia of pregnancy	Anaemia of pregnancy
Ex-tobacco user	Ex-tobacco user
Reproductive tract disorder	The reproductive system or genital system is a system of sex organs within an organism which work together for the purpose of sexual reproduction.
Anticonvulsant drug level abnormal	Anticonvulsant drug level abnormal
Bursitis infective	Bursitis is the inflammation of one or more bursae (small sacs) of synovial fluid in the body.
Trigger finger	Trigger finger, also known as stenosing tenosynovitis, is  a disorder characterized by catching or locking of the involved finger.
Necrotising fasciitis	Necrotizing fasciitis (NF), commonly known as flesh-eating disease, is an infection that results in the death of parts of the body's soft tissue.
Gram stain	Gram stain or Gram staining, also called Gram's method, is a method of staining used to distinguish and classify bacterial species into two large groups (Gram-positive and Gram-negative).
Immunoglobulins abnormal	An antibody (Ab), also known as an immunoglobulin (Ig), is a large, Y-shaped protein produced mainly by plasma cells that is used by the immune system to neutralize pathogens such as pathogenic bacteria and viruses.
Glycosylated haemoglobin decreased	Glycated hemoglobin (A1C, hemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, or less commonly HgbA1c, haemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, Hb1c, etc.)
Corneal opacity	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Product selection error	Product selection error
Ultrasound abdomen normal	Ultrasound abdomen normal
Clostridium difficile colitis	Clostridioides difficile infection (CDI or C-diff), also known as Clostridium difficile infection, is a symptomatic infection due to the spore-forming bacterium Clostridioides difficile.
Panic attack	Panic attacks are sudden periods of intense fear that may include palpitations, sweating, shaking, shortness of breath, numbness, or a feeling that something bad is going to happen.
Administration site discolouration	Administration site discolouration
Skin cancer	Skin cancers are cancers that arise from the skin.
Maternal drugs affecting foetus	Maternal drugs affecting foetus
Subcutaneous haematoma	A subcutaneous injection is administered as a bolus into the subcutis, the layer of skin directly below the dermis and epidermis, collectively referred to as the cutis.
Injection site pallor	Injection site pallor
Throat cancer	Head and neck cancer is a group of cancers that starts in the mouth, nose, throat, larynx, sinuses, or salivary glands.
Blood luteinising hormone	Blood luteinising hormone
Acute promyelocytic leukaemia	Acute promyelocytic leukemia (APML, APL) is a subtype of acute myeloid leukemia (AML), a cancer of the white blood cells.
Gram stain negative	Gram stain or Gram staining, also called Gram's method, is a method of staining used to distinguish and classify bacterial species into two large groups (Gram-positive and Gram-negative).
Tongue discolouration	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody positive	Anti-glomerular basement membrane antibody (anti-GBM Ab) is an antibody which is found in Goodpasture's syndrome but not found in microscopic polyangiitis.
Oesophageal carcinoma	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Decerebrate posture	Abnormal posturing is an involuntary flexion or extension of the arms and legs, indicating severe brain injury.
Opiates positive	Opiate is a term classically used in pharmacology to mean a drug derived from opium.
Otitis externa	Otitis externa, also called swimmer's ear, is inflammation of the ear canal.
Arteriovenous shunt operation	An arteriovenous fistula is an abnormal connection or passageway between an artery and a vein.
Aerophagia	Aerophagia (var.
External ear pain	The outer ear, external ear, or auris externa is the external portion of the ear, which consists of the auricle (also pinna) and the ear canal .
Muscle contusion	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Hyperchylomicronaemia	Hyperlipidemia is abnormally elevated levels of any or all lipids or lipoproteins in the blood.Lipids (water-insoluble molecules) are transported in a protein capsule.
Culture wound positive	Culture wound positive
Breast disorder female	Breast diseases make up a number of conditions.
Catheterisation cardiac	Catheterisation cardiac
Orthostatic hypertension	Orthostatic hypertension, is a medical condition consisting of a sudden and abrupt increase  in blood pressure when a person stands up.
Nodular rash	In medicine, nodules are solid, elevated areas of tissue or fluid inside or under the skin with a diameter greater than 0.5 centimeters.
Rubulavirus test positive	Rubulavirus test positive
Frustration	In psychology, frustration is a common emotional response to opposition, related to anger, annoyance and disappointment, frustration arises from the perceived resistance to the fulfillment of an individual's will or goal and is likely to increase when a will or goal is denied or blocked.
Device issue	Device issue
Eyelid contusion	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Anti-VGKC antibody positive	Anti-VGKC antibody positive
Anterior interosseous syndrome	Anterior interosseous syndrome  is a medical condition in which damage to the anterior interosseous nerve (AIN), a motor branch of the median nerve, causes pain in the forearm and a characteristic weakness of the pincer movement of the thumb and index finger.
Blood acid phosphatase normal	Blood acid phosphatase normal
Blood folate increased	Blood folate increased
Galactorrhoea	Galactorrhea (also spelled galactorrhoea) (galacto- + -rrhea) or lactorrhea (lacto- + -rrhea) is the spontaneous flow of milk from the breast, unassociated with childbirth or nursing.
Adhesiolysis	Adhesiolysis
Lip disorder	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Skin induration	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Genital hypoaesthesia	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Therapeutic response decreased	Therapeutic response decreased
Complement factor decreased	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
HIV test	HIV tests are used to detect the presence of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), the virus that causes acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), in serum, saliva, or urine.
Heart transplant	A heart transplant, or a cardiac transplant, is a surgical transplant procedure performed on patients with end-stage heart failure or severe coronary artery disease when other medical or surgical treatments have failed.
Blood immunoglobulin M	Blood immunoglobulin M
Gingival blister	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Arteriosclerosis coronary artery	Arteriosclerosis coronary artery
Analgesic drug level increased	Analgesic drug level increased
Drug screen	A drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen, for example urine, hair, blood, breath, sweat, and/or oral fluid/saliva—to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites.
Colostomy	A colostomy is an opening (stoma) in the large intestine (colon), or the surgical procedure that creates one.
Pregnancy test	A pregnancy test detects human pregnancy hormone (human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)) to determine whether an individual is pregnant.
Blood lactic acid decreased	Blood lactic acid decreased
Eczema weeping	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Breast milk substitute intolerance	Breast milk substitute intolerance
Intercepted drug dispensing error	Intercepted drug dispensing error
Secondary immunodeficiency	Immunodeficiency is a state in which the immune system's ability to fight infectious disease and cancer is compromised or entirely absent.
Bartonellosis	Bartonellosis is an infectious disease produced by bacteria of the genus Bartonella.Bartonella species cause diseases such as Carrión's disease, trench fever, cat-scratch disease, bacillary angiomatosis, peliosis hepatis, chronic bacteremia, endocarditis, chronic lymphadenopathy, and neurological disorders.
Removal of foreign body	Removal of foreign body
Lung adenocarcinoma	Adenocarcinoma of the lung  is the most common type of lung cancer, and like other forms of lung cancer, it is characterized by distinct cellular and molecular features.
Acute graft versus host disease in skin	Acute graft versus host disease in skin
Hunger	In politics, humanitarian aid, and social science, hunger is a condition in which a person, for a sustained period, is unable to eat sufficient food to meet basic nutritional needs.
Poisoning	Poisoning is a condition or a process in which an organism becomes chemically harmed severely (poisoned) by a toxic substance or venom of an animal.Acute poisoning is exposure to a poison on one occasion or during a short period of time.
Acidosis hyperchloraemic	Acidosis is a process causing increased acidity in the blood and other body tissues (i.e., an increased hydrogen ion concentration).
Chronic pigmented purpura	Chronic pigmented purpura
Inappropriate affect	Inappropriateness refers to standards or ethics that are typically viewed as being negative in society.
Blood lead	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Pruritus genital	Itch (also known as pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch.
Oropharyngeal discomfort	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Feeling of despair	Feeling of despair
Chest scan	The thorax or chest is a part of the anatomy of humans and various other animals located between the neck and the abdomen.
Anotia	"Anotia (""no ear"") describes a rare congenital deformity that involves the complete absence of the pinna, the outer projected portion of the ear, and narrowing or absence of the ear canal."
Smallpox	Smallpox was an infectious disease caused by one of two virus variants, Variola major and Variola minor.
Bundle branch block left	A bundle branch block is a defect of the bundle branches or fascicles in the electrical conduction system of the heart.
Varicella virus test	Varicella virus test
Epinephrine	Adrenaline, also known as epinephrine, is a hormone and medication.
Injection site plaque	Injection site plaque
Blood potassium abnormal	Reference ranges for blood tests are sets of values used by a health professional to interpret a set of medical test results from blood samples.
Cold type haemolytic anaemia	Cold type haemolytic anaemia
Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome	Wernicke–Korsakoff syndrome (WKS), commonly known as wet brain, is the combined presence of Wernicke encephalopathy (WE) and alcoholic Korsakoff syndrome.
Dyspareunia	Dyspareunia is painful sexual intercourse due to medical or psychological causes.
Pearly penile papules	Hirsuties coronae glandis (also known as hirsutoid papillomas and pearly penile papules; PPP) are small protuberances that may form on the ridge of the glans of the human penis.
Acne conglobata	Acne conglobata is a highly inflammatory disease presenting with comedones, nodules, abscesses, and draining sinus tracts.This condition generally begins between the ages of 18 and 30.
Perinatal HBV infection	Perinatal HBV infection
Mouth breathing	Mouth breathing is breathing through the mouth rather than the nose.Human infants are sometimes considered obligate nasal breathers, but generally speaking healthy humans may breathe through their nose, their mouth, or both.
Vaccination site dermatitis	Vaccination site dermatitis
Varicella virus test positive	Varicella virus test positive
Chondrocalcinosis pyrophosphate	Chondrocalcinosis or cartilage calcification is calcification (accumulation of calcium salts) in hyaline and/or fibrocartilage.
Blepharochalasis	Blepharochalasis is an inflammation of the eyelid that is characterized by exacerbations and remissions of eyelid edema, which results in a stretching and subsequent atrophy of the eyelid tissue, leading to the formation of redundant folds over the lid margins.
Palmar-plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome	Palmar-plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome
Cardiac electrophysiologic study	Cardiac electrophysiologic study
Ejaculation failure	Ejaculation is the discharge of semen (normally containing sperm) from the male reproductory tract, usually accompanied by orgasm.
Anticonvulsant drug level above therapeutic	Anticonvulsant drug level above therapeutic
Burn oral cavity	Burn oral cavity
Infusion site pain	Infusion site pain
Retinal depigmentation	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Skull fracture	A skull fracture is a break in one or more of the eight bones that form the cranial portion of the skull, usually occurring as a result of blunt force trauma.
Penile discharge	Penile discharge is fluid that comes from the urethra at the end of the penis.
Tongue pruritus	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Adrenergic syndrome	"Adrenergic means ""working on adrenaline (epinephrine) or noradrenaline (norepinephrine)""."
Vaccination site pustule	Vaccination site pustule
Blood electrolytes decreased	Blood electrolytes decreased
Intentional device misuse	Intentional device misuse
CSF shunt operation	CSF shunt operation
Chordee	Chordee is a condition in which the head of the penis curves downward or upward, at the junction of the head and shaft of the penis.
Blood ethanol	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Penile swelling	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Adenocarcinoma of colon	Adenocarcinoma of colon
Soft tissue injury	A soft tissue injury (STI) is the damage of muscles, ligaments and tendons throughout the body.
Skin wrinkling	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Amphetamines positive	Substituted amphetamines are a class of compounds based upon the amphetamine structure; it includes all derivative compounds which are formed by replacing, or substituting, one or more hydrogen atoms in the amphetamine core structure with substituents.
Suture insertion	Suture is an compilation by industrial rock band Chemlab,  released in 2000.
Intra-ocular injection	Intra-ocular injection
Adhesion	Adhesion is the tendency of dissimilar particles or surfaces to cling to one another (cohesion refers to the tendency of similar or identical particles/surfaces to cling to one another).
Product contamination with body fluid	Product contamination with body fluid
Autoimmune dermatitis	Autoimmunity is the system of immune responses of an organism against its own healthy cells and tissues.
Benign soft tissue neoplasm	Benign soft tissue neoplasm
Peak expiratory flow rate	The peak expiratory flow (PEF), also called peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), is a person's maximum speed of expiration, as measured with a peak flow meter, a small, hand-held device used to monitor a person's ability to breathe out air.
Vaccination site papule	Vaccination site papule
Biopsy blood vessel abnormal	Biopsy blood vessel abnormal
Parkinsonism	Parkinsonism is a clinical syndrome characterized by tremor, bradykinesia, rigidity, and postural instability.
Angiogram pulmonary normal	Angiogram pulmonary normal
Encephalitis Japanese B	Encephalitis Japanese B
Administration site haemorrhage	Administration site haemorrhage
Endoscopy abnormal	An endoscopy (looking inside) is used in medicine to look inside the body.
Tongue disorder	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Infected skin ulcer	Skin and skin structure infections (SSSIs), also referred to as skin and soft tissue infections (SSTIs), or acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSIs), are infections of skin and associated soft tissues (such as loose connective tissue and mucous membranes).
Body mass index	Body mass index (BMI) is a value derived from the mass (weight) and height of a person.
Amputation stump pain	Amputation stump pain
Breast cellulitis	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Disorganised speech	Disorganised speech
Mumps antibody test	Mumps antibody test
Liver transplant	Liver transplantation or hepatic transplantation is the  replacement of a diseased liver with the healthy liver from another person (allograft).
Ligament injury	A ligament is the fibrous connect tissue that connects bones to other bones.
Hepatic enzyme	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Arteriogram carotid	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Liver function test normal	Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs), also referred to as a hepatic panel, are groups of blood tests that provide information about the state of a patient's liver.
Serum ferritin decreased	Ferritin is a universal intracellular protein that stores iron and releases it in a controlled fashion.
Feeding tube user	A feeding tube is a medical device used to provide nutrition to people who cannot obtain nutrition by mouth, are unable to swallow safely, or need nutritional supplementation.
Ophthalmological examination normal	Ophthalmological examination normal
Pulmonary pain	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Acquired syringomyelia	Acquired syringomyelia
Comminuted fracture	A bone fracture  (sometimes abbreviated FRX or Fx, Fx, or #) is a medical condition in which there is a partial or complete break in the continuity of the bone.
Hyperchlorhydria	Hyperchlorhydria, sometimes called chlorhydria, sour stomach or acid stomach,  refers to the state in the stomach where gastric acid levels are higher than the reference range.
Nipple pain	The nipple is a raised region of tissue on the surface of the breast from which, in females, milk leaves the breast through the lactiferous ducts to feed an infant.
Cerebral calcification	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Hepatitis B surface antibody	Hepatitis B surface antibody
Streptococcus test positive	Streptococcus test positive
Corneal deposits	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Biopsy liver	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Uterine cancer	Uterine cancer, also known as womb cancer, are two types of cancer that develops from the tissues of the uterus.
Papillitis	Optic papillitis is a specific type of optic neuritis.
Biopsy stomach	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Burning feet syndrome	Burning feet syndrome, also known as Grierson-Gopalan syndrome, is a medical condition that causes severe burning and aching of the feet, hyperesthesia, and vasomotor changes of the feet that lead to excessive sweating.
Prostatic specific antigen abnormal	Prostate-specific antigen (PSA), also known as gamma-seminoprotein or kallikrein-3 (KLK3), is a glycoprotein enzyme encoded in humans by the KLK3 gene.
Tuberculin test positive	Tuberculin, also known as purified protein derivative, is a combination of proteins that are used in the diagnosis of tuberculosis.
Incorrect drug dosage form administered	Incorrect drug dosage form administered
Burning sensation mucosal	"Dysesthesia (or dysaesthesia) comes from the Greek word ""dys,"" meaning ""not-normal,"" and ""aesthesis,"" which means ""sensation"" (abnormal sensation)."
Eczema nummular	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Bezoar	A bezoar is a mass found trapped in the gastrointestinal system, though it can occur in other locations.
Breast operation	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Haemarthrosis	Hemarthrosis is a bleeding into joint spaces.
Biliary dilatation	A bile duct is any of a number of long tube-like structures that carry bile, and is present in most vertebrates.
Alveolar lung disease	Alveolar lung diseases, are a group of diseases that mainly affect the alveoli of the lungs.
Amniocentesis	Amniocentesis (also referred to as an amniotic fluid test) is a medical procedure used primarily in prenatal diagnosis of chromosomal abnormalities and fetal infections, as well as for sex determination.
Vaccination site abscess sterile	Vaccination site abscess sterile
Tardive dyskinesia	Tardive dyskinesia (TD) is a disorder that results in involuntary, repetitive body movements.
Thermal burn	A thermal burn is a type of burn resulting from making contact with heated objects, such as boiling water, steam, hot cooking oil, fire, and hot objects.
Genital burning sensation	Genital burning sensation
Dementia Alzheimer's type	Dementia Alzheimer's type
Blood follicle stimulating hormone increased	Blood follicle stimulating hormone increased
Cycloplegic refraction	Cycloplegia is paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye, resulting in a loss of accommodation.
Erythema migrans	"Erythema migrans (New Latin, literally, ""migrating redness"") is an expanding rash often seen in the early stage of Lyme disease, and can also (but less commonly) be caused by southern tick-associated rash illness (STARI)."
Tooth disorder	Tooth pathology is any condition of the teeth that can be congenital or acquired.
Pericardial disease	There are two pericardial sinuses: transverse and oblique.
Drug label confusion	Drug label confusion
Erythropsia	Erythropsia
Enzyme level test	Enzyme level test
Gun shot wound	A gunshot is a single discharge of a gun, typically a man-portable firearm, producing a visible flash, a powerful and loud shockwave and often chemical gunshot residue.
Lymphocyte count decreased	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Gravitational oedema	Gravity (from Latin  gravitas, meaning 'weight'), or gravitation, is a natural phenomenon by which all things with mass or energy—including planets, stars, galaxies, and even light—are brought toward (or gravitate toward) one another.
Coagulation test	Coagulation, also known as clotting, is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a blood clot.
Tunnel vision	Tunnel vision is the loss of peripheral vision with retention of central vision, resulting in a constricted circular tunnel-like field of vision.
Blood aldosterone	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Purpura fulminans	Purpura fulminans is an acute, often fatal, thrombotic disorder which manifests as blood spots, bruising and discolouration of the skin resulting from coagulation in small blood vessels within the skin and rapidly leads to skin necrosis and disseminated intravascular coagulation.
Vaccination site urticaria	Vaccination site urticaria
Aortic bruit	The aorta ( ay-OR-tə) is the main and largest artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries).
Puncture site pain	Puncture site pain
Bursa removal	Bursa is a large city in Turkey, located in northwestern Anatolia, within the Marmara Region.
Diverticular perforation	A diverticulum is the medical or biological term for an outpouching of a hollow (or a fluid-filled) structure in the body.
Vaginal disorder	A vaginal disease is a pathological condition that affects part or all of the vagina.
Nasal inflammation	Nasal inflammation
Herpes simplex serology	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Scrotal erythema	The scrotum is an anatomical male reproductive structure that consists of a suspended dual-chambered sack of skin and smooth muscle that is present in most terrestrial male mammals and located under the penis.
Toxicity to various agents	Toxicity to various agents
Injection site hypertrophy	Injection site hypertrophy
Extraocular muscle paresis	Ophthalmoparesis  refers to weakness (-paresis) or paralysis (-plegia) of one or more extraocular muscles which are responsible for eye movements.
Mammogram	Mammography (also called mastography) is the process of using low-energy X-rays (usually around 30 kVp) to examine the human breast for diagnosis and screening.
Drug name confusion	Drug nomenclature is the systematic naming of drugs, especially pharmaceutical drugs.
Myectomy	Myectomy
Eye penetration	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Congenital hydronephrosis	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Human chorionic gonadotropin	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
CD4 lymphocytes normal	CD4 lymphocytes normal
Body mass index normal	Body mass index (BMI) is a value derived from the mass (weight) and height of a person.
Vascular purpura	Purpura () is a condition of  red or purple discolored spots on the skin that do not blanch on applying pressure.
Hepatitis B core antigen positive	HBcAg (core antigen) is a hepatitis B viral protein.
Ultrasound scan normal	Medical ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound.
Face and mouth X-ray normal	Face and mouth X-ray normal
Increased appetite	Polyphagia or hyperphagia is excessive hunger or increased appetite.It is a medical sign meaning excessive hunger and untypically large food intakes by your mouth.
Blood immunoglobulin A abnormal	Blood immunoglobulin A abnormal
Bilirubin conjugated decreased	Bilirubin conjugated decreased
Product packaging issue	Packaging is the science, art and technology of enclosing or protecting products for distribution, storage, sale, and use.
Drug dependence	Substance dependence, also known as drug dependence, is an adaptive state that develops from repeated drug administration, and which results in withdrawal upon cessation of drug use.
Laser therapy	Laser medicine consists in the use of lasers in medical diagnosis, treatments, or therapies, such as laser photodynamic therapy, photorejuvenation, and laser surgery.
Anticoagulation drug level above therapeutic	Anticoagulation drug level above therapeutic
Cardiac telemetry normal	Cardiac telemetry normal
Cardiac enzymes	Cardiac markers are biomarkers measured to evaluate heart function.
Soft tissue disorder	Soft tissue disorders are medical conditions affecting soft tissue.
Viral titre increased	Viral titre increased
Eye colour change	Eye color is a polygenic phenotypic character determined by two distinct factors: the pigmentation of the eye's iris and the frequency-dependence of the scattering of light by the turbid medium in the stroma of the iris.In humans, the pigmentation of the iris varies from light brown to black, depending on the concentration of melanin in the iris pigment epithelium (located on the back of the iris), the melanin content within the iris stroma (located at the front of the iris), and the cellular density of the stroma.
Rash papulosquamous	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Conjunctival scar	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Conductive deafness	In physics and electrical engineering, a conductor is an object or type of material that allows the flow of charge (electrical current) in one or more directions.
Carotid sinus massage	In human anatomy, the carotid sinus is a dilated area at the base of the internal carotid artery just superior to the bifurcation of the internal carotid and external carotid at the level of the superior border of thyroid cartilage.
Hepatitis B antigen positive	Hepatitis B antigen positive
Attention-seeking behaviour	Attention seeking behavior is to act in a way that is likely to elicit attention, usually to elicit validation from others.
B-cell lymphoma stage IV	B-cell lymphoma stage IV
Joint vibration	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Muscle mass	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Corneal transplant	Corneal transplantation, also known as corneal grafting, is a surgical procedure where a damaged or diseased cornea is replaced by donated corneal tissue (the graft).
Therapeutic response changed	Therapeutic response changed
Retinal exudates	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Wound secretion	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Abnormal product of conception	Abnormal product of conception
Aldolase	Fructose-bisphosphate aldolase (EC 4.1.2.13), often just aldolase, is an enzyme catalyzing a reversible reaction that splits the aldol, fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, into the triose phosphates dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP) and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (G3P).
Gallbladder operation	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Hepatitis C RNA increased	Hepatitis C RNA increased
Sensation of heaviness	Sensation of heaviness
Infective tenosynovitis	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Viral test	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Injection site hyperaesthesia	Injection site hyperaesthesia
Flavivirus test positive	Flavivirus test positive
Contraindicated drug administered	Contraindicated drug administered
Accelerated hypertension	Hypertension (HTN or HT), also known as high blood pressure (HBP), is a long-term medical condition in which the blood pressure in the arteries is persistently elevated.
Melanoderma	Melanoderma is a genus of two species of white rot poroid fungi in the family Polyporaceae.
Double stranded DNA antibody positive	Double stranded DNA antibody positive
Adrenal medulla hyperfunction	The adrenal medulla (Latin: medulla glandulae suprarenalis) is part of the adrenal gland.
Renal failure chronic	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Fear of needles	Fear of needles, known in medical literature as needle phobia, is the extreme fear of medical procedures involving injections or hypodermic needles.
Temperature regulation disorder	Thermoregulation is the ability of an organism to keep its body temperature within certain boundaries, even when the surrounding temperature is very different.
Psychosomatic disease	Psychosomatic medicine is an interdisciplinary medical field exploring the relationships among social, psychological, and behavioral factors on bodily processes and quality of life in humans and animals.The academic forebear of the modern field of behavioral medicine and a part of the practice of consultation-liaison psychiatry, psychosomatic medicine integrates interdisciplinary evaluation and management involving diverse specialties including psychiatry, psychology, neurology, internal medicine, surgery, allergy, dermatology and psychoneuroimmunology.
Culture tissue specimen negative	Culture tissue specimen negative
Arthritis rubella	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Compulsive lip biting	Compulsive lip biting
Drug screen positive	A drug test is a technical analysis of a biological specimen, for example urine, hair, blood, breath, sweat, and/or oral fluid/saliva—to determine the presence or absence of specified parent drugs or their metabolites.
T-cell lymphoma	T-cell lymphomas are lymphomas that affect T cells.
Poor sucking reflex	Poor sucking reflex
Cardio-respiratory arrest neonatal	Cardio-respiratory arrest neonatal
Insulin resistance test	Insulin resistance (IR) is a pathological condition in which cells fail to respond normally to the hormone insulin.To prevent hyperglycemia and noticeable organ damage over time, the body produces insulin when glucose starts to be released into the bloodstream, primarily from the digestion of carbohydrates in the diet.
Barium swallow normal	An upper gastrointestinal series, also called an upper gastrointestinal study or contrast radiography of the upper gastrointestinal tract, and often known as a barium meal, is a series of radiographs used to examine the gastrointestinal tract for abnormalities.
Rectal discharge	Rectal discharge is intermittent or continuous expression of liquid from the anus (per rectum).
Burn oesophageal	A burn is a type of injury to  skin, or other tissues, caused by heat, cold, electricity, chemicals, friction, or radiation.
Fungal test negative	Fungal test negative
Labia enlarged	The labia are part of the female genitalia; they are the major externally visible portions of the vulva.
Escherichia test negative	Escherichia test negative
Anticonvulsant drug level decreased	Anticonvulsant drug level decreased
Microvascular coronary artery disease	Microvascular coronary artery disease
Ileus paralytic	Ileus is a disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the intestine due to the malfunction of peristalsis.
Rubella antibody test	Rubella antibody test
Sluggishness	Lethargy is a state of tiredness, weariness, fatigue, or lack of energy.
Viral diarrhoea	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Tuberculin test	Tuberculin, also known as purified protein derivative, is a combination of proteins that are used in the diagnosis of tuberculosis.
Apnoea test	Apnea is the cessation of breathing.
Electrocardiogram T wave inversion	Electrocardiogram T wave inversion
Chorioretinal disorder	The choroid, also known as the choroidea or choroid coat, is the vascular layer of the eye, containing connective tissues, and lying between the retina and the sclera.
Product used for unknown indication	Product used for unknown indication
Hypertrophic scar	A hypertrophic scar is a cutaneous condition characterized by deposits of excessive amounts of collagen which gives rise to a raised scar, but not to the degree observed with keloids.
Oedema genital	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Food poisoning	Foodborne illness (also foodborne disease and colloquially referred to as food poisoning) is any illness resulting from the spoilage of contaminated food, pathogenic bacteria, viruses, or parasites that contaminate food, as well as toxins such as poisonous mushrooms and various species of beans that have not been boiled for at least 10 minutes.
Documented hypersensitivity to administered drug	Documented hypersensitivity to administered drug
Colposcopy normal	Not to be confused with colonoscopy.Colposcopy (Ancient Greek: κόλπος, romanized: kolpos, lit.
Anti-SS-B antibody	Sjögren syndrome (SjS, SS) is a long-term autoimmune disease that affects the body's moisture-producing glands.
Product expiration date issue	Product expiration date issue
Blood creatine phosphokinase MB decreased	Blood creatine phosphokinase MB decreased
Eyelid exfoliation	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Angina unstable	Angina, also known as angina pectoris, is chest pain or pressure, usually due to not enough blood flow to the heart muscle.
Fat tissue decreased	In biology, adipose tissue, body fat, or simply fat is a loose connective tissue composed mostly of adipocytes.
Cardiac infection	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Biopsy gingival	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Multiple use of single-use product	Multiple use of single-use product
Computerised tomogram abdomen normal	Computerised tomogram abdomen normal
Vaginal lesion	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Tearfulness	Crying is the shedding of tears (or welling of tears in the eyes) in response to an emotional state, pain or a physical irritation of the eye.
Laryngeal pain	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Human chorionic gonadotropin normal	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
Allergy to arthropod sting	Allergy to arthropod sting
Defect conduction intraventricular	Defect conduction intraventricular
Blood oestrogen	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Cell marker increased	The cluster of differentiation (also known as cluster of designation or classification determinant and often abbreviated as CD) is a protocol used for the identification and investigation of cell surface molecules providing targets for immunophenotyping of cells.
Contact lens intolerance	A contact lens, or simply contact, is a thin lens placed directly on the surface of the eye.
Exploratory operation	Exploratory operation
Lactation disorder	Lactation describes the secretion of milk from the mammary glands and the period of time that a mother lactates to feed her young.
Smear vaginal normal	Smear vaginal normal
Blood mercury	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Pneumothorax spontaneous	A pneumothorax is an abnormal collection of air in the pleural space between the lung and the chest wall.
Testicular pain	Testicular pain, also known as scrotal pain,  occurs when part or all of either one or both testicles hurt.
Barium swallow abnormal	An upper gastrointestinal series, also called an upper gastrointestinal study or contrast radiography of the upper gastrointestinal tract, and often known as a barium meal, is a series of radiographs used to examine the gastrointestinal tract for abnormalities.
Encephalitis influenzal	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Palpable purpura	Palpable purpura is a condition where purpura, which constitutes visible non-blanching hemorrhages, are raised and able to be touched or felt upon palpation.
Disease recurrence	In medicine, relapse or recidivism is a recurrence of a past (typically medical) condition.
Gingival disorder	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Ephelides	Freckles are clusters of concentrated melaninized cells which are most easily visible on people with a fair complexion.
Acoustic neuroma	A vestibular schwannoma (VS) is a benign primary intracranial tumor of the myelin-forming cells of the vestibulocochlear nerve (8th cranial nerve).
Winged scapula	A winged scapula (scapula alata) is a skeletal medical condition in which the shoulder blade, or shoulder bone, protrudes from a person's back in an abnormal position.
Blood cytokine test	Blood cytokine test
Cardiopulmonary bypass	Cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB) is a technique in which a machine temporarily takes over the function of the heart and lungs during surgery, maintaining the circulation of blood and the oxygen content of the patient's body.
Weight increased	In science and engineering, the weight of an object is related to the force acting on the object, either due to gravity or to a reaction force that holds it in place.Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object.
Oppositional defiant disorder	"Oppositional defiant disorder (ODD)   is listed in the DSM-5 under Disruptive, impulse-control, and conduct disorders and defined as ""a pattern of angry/irritable mood, argumentative/defiant behavior, or vindictiveness"" in children and adolescents."
Vibratory sense increased	Vibratory sense increased
Plasma cell myeloma	Multiple myeloma (MM), also known as plasma cell myeloma, is a cancer of plasma cells, a type of white blood cell which normally produces antibodies.
Paranasal sinus hypersecretion	Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity.
Salivary gland disorder	Salivary gland diseases (SGD) are multiple and varied in cause.There are three paired major salivary glands in humans – (the parotid glands, the submandibular glands, and the sublingual glands), and about 800-1000 minor salivary glands in the mucosa of the mouth.
Device difficult to use	Device difficult to use
Encapsulation reaction	Molecular encapsulation in supramolecular chemistry is the confinement of a guest molecule inside the cavity of a supramolecular host molecule (molecular capsule, molecular container or cage compounds).
Cardiac imaging procedure	Cardiac imaging refers to non-invasive imaging of the heart using ultrasound, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), or nuclear medicine (NM) imaging with PET or SPECT.
Skin fissures	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Diastolic hypertension	Diastole  is the part of the cardiac cycle during which the heart refills with blood after the emptying done during systole (contraction).
Papillary thyroid cancer	Papillary thyroid cancer or papillary thyroid carcinoma is the most common type of thyroid cancer, representing 75 percent to 85 percent of all thyroid cancer cases.
Injection site joint redness	Injection site joint redness
Radioallergosorbent test negative	A radioallergosorbent test (RAST) is a blood test using radioimmunoassay test to detect specific IgE antibodies, to determine the substances a subject is allergic to.
Erythropoiesis abnormal	"Erythropoiesis (from Greek 'erythro' meaning ""red"" and 'poiesis' meaning ""to make"") is the process which produces red blood cells (erythrocytes), which is the development from erythropoietic stem cell to mature red blood cell.It is stimulated by decreased O2 in circulation, which is detected by the kidneys, which then secrete the hormone erythropoietin."
Open wound	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Vaccination site pruritus	Vaccination site pruritus
Biopsy chorionic villous abnormal	Biopsy chorionic villous abnormal
Brain mass	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Robust take following exposure to vaccinia virus	Robust take following exposure to vaccinia virus
Polyneuropathy chronic	Polyneuropathy (poly- + neuro- + -pathy) is damage or disease affecting peripheral nerves (peripheral neuropathy) in roughly the same areas on both sides of the body, featuring weakness, numbness, and burning pain.
Chemical burns of eye	Chemical burns of eye
Humerus fracture	A humerus fracture is a break of the humerus bone in the upper arm.
Glycosylated haemoglobin	Glycated hemoglobin (A1C, hemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, or less commonly HgbA1c, haemoglobin A1c, HbA1c, Hb1c, etc.)
Gastric occult blood positive	Gastric occult blood positive
Gingival hypertrophy	Gingival enlargement is an increase in the size of the gingiva (gums).
Nerve conduction studies	A nerve conduction study (NCS) is a medical diagnostic test commonly used to evaluate the function, especially the ability of electrical conduction, of the motor and sensory nerves of the human body.
Hepatitis B test negative	Hepatitis B test negative
HIV antibody	The human immunodeficiency viruses (HIV) are two species of Lentivirus (a subgroup of retrovirus) that causes HIV infection and over time acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Vitamin B12 increased	Vitamin B12, also known as cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body: it is a cofactor in DNA synthesis, and in both fatty acid and amino acid metabolism.
Antimitochondrial antibody positive	Anti-mitochondrial antibodies (AMA) are autoantibodies, consisting of immunoglobulins formed against mitochondria, primarily the mitochondria in cells of the liver.
Anti-GAD antibody negative	Glutamate decarboxylase or glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) is an enzyme that catalyzes the decarboxylation of glutamate to GABA and CO2.
Benign tumour excision	A benign tumor is a mass of cells (tumor) that lacks the ability to invade neighboring tissue (spread throughout the body) or metastasize.
Skin candida	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Intestinal anastomosis	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
VIIIth nerve lesion	VIIIth nerve lesion
Vaccine positive rechallenge	Vaccine positive rechallenge
Product taste abnormal	Product taste abnormal
Erb's palsy	Erb's palsy  is a paralysis of the arm caused by injury to the upper group of the arm's main nerves, specifically the severing of the upper trunk C5–C6 nerves.
Skin test	A skin test is a medical test in which a substance is injected into the skin.
Motion sickness	Motion sickness occurs due to a difference between actual and expected motion.
Slow speech	In everyday use and in kinematics, the speed of an object is the magnitude of its velocity (the rate of change of its position); it is thus a scalar quantity.
Accidental death	An accidental death is an unnatural death that is caused by an accident such as a slip and fall, traffic collision, or accidental poisoning.
Blood testosterone normal	Blood testosterone normal
Ischaemic stroke	A stroke is a medical condition in which poor blood flow to the brain results in cell death.
Biopsy oesophagus	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Calcium deficiency	Calcium deficiency
Abnormal labour affecting foetus	Abnormal labour affecting foetus
Congenital cystic lung	Congenital cystic lung
Gestational diabetes	Gestational diabetes is a condition in which a woman without diabetes develops high blood sugar levels during pregnancy.
Oropharyngeal spasm	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Gastrostomy tube insertion	A feeding tube is a medical device used to provide nutrition to people who cannot obtain nutrition by mouth, are unable to swallow safely, or need nutritional supplementation.
Bradykinesia	Hypokinesia refers to decreased bodily movement.
Red blood cell abnormality	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Ovarian torsion	Ovarian torsion (OT) is when an ovary twists on its attachment to other structures, such that blood flow is decreased.
Blood alkaline phosphatase abnormal	Blood alkaline phosphatase abnormal
Epidural injection	"Epidural administration (from Ancient Greek ἐπί, ""on, upon"" + dura mater) is a medical route of administration in which a drug such as epidural analgesia and epidural anaesthesia or contrast agent is injected into the epidural space around the spinal cord."
Congestive cardiomyopathy	Dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) is a condition in which the heart becomes enlarged and cannot pump blood effectively.
Denervation atrophy	Denervation is any loss of nerve supply regardless of the cause.
Pseudofolliculitis barbae	Pseudofolliculitis barbae (PFB) is a persistent irritation caused by shaving.
Small intestinal obstruction	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Peripheral T-cell lymphoma unspecified	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma refers to a group of T-cell lymphomas that develop away from the thymus.
Band neutrophil percentage decreased	Band neutrophil percentage decreased
Corneal decompensation	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Rash maculovesicular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Serology positive	Serology is the scientific study of serum and other bodily fluids.
Biopsy lip	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Herpes zoster multi-dermatomal	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Glioma	A glioma is a type of tumor that starts in the glial cells of the brain or the spine.
Bone marrow myelogram abnormal	Bone marrow myelogram abnormal
Keloid scar	"Keloid, also known as keloid disorder and keloidal scar,
is the formation of a type of scar which, depending on its maturity, is composed mainly of either type III (early) or type I (late) collagen."
Arterial wall hypertrophy	Arterial wall hypertrophy
Troponin I	Troponin I is a cardiac and skeletal muscle protein family.
Blood parathyroid hormone increased	Blood parathyroid hormone increased
Troponin I increased	Troponin I is a cardiac and skeletal muscle protein family.
Rubivirus test positive	Rubivirus test positive
Lung abscess	Lung abscess is a type of liquefactive necrosis of the lung tissue and formation of cavities (more than 2 cm) containing necrotic debris or fluid caused by microbial infection.
Macular degeneration	Macular degeneration, also known as age-related macular degeneration (AMD or ARMD), is a medical condition which may result in blurred or no vision in the center of the visual field.
Hepatitis B core antibody positive	Hepatitis B core antibody positive
Vaccination site haematoma	Vaccination site haematoma
Electrocardiogram PR shortened	Electrocardiogram PR shortened
CSF neutrophil count increased	CSF neutrophil count increased
Haemorrhage in pregnancy	Haemorrhage in pregnancy
Neutrophil count increased	Neutrophil count increased
Blood immunoglobulin M decreased	Blood immunoglobulin M decreased
Hypogeusia	Hypogeusia is a reduced ability to taste things (to taste sweet, sour, bitter, or salty substances).
Oral mucosal exfoliation	Oral mucosal exfoliation
Electrocardiogram change	Electrocardiography is the process of producing an electrocardiogram (ECG or EKG), a recording – a graph of voltage versus time – of the electrical activity of the heart using electrodes placed on the skin.
Alveolar osteitis	Alveolar osteitis, also known as dry socket, is inflammation of the alveolar bone (i.e., the alveolar process of the maxilla or mandible).
Skin test negative	A skin test is a medical test in which a substance is injected into the skin.
Elective surgery	Elective surgery or elective procedure (from the Latin: eligere, meaning to choose) is surgery that is scheduled in advance because it does not involve a medical emergency.
Breakthrough pain	Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli.
Vulvovaginal discomfort	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Liver function test	Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs), also referred to as a hepatic panel, are groups of blood tests that provide information about the state of a patient's liver.
Loose tooth	Tooth mobility is the medical term for loose tooth.
Penile erythema	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Rubella antibody positive	Rubella antibody positive
Eczema asteatotic	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Orthopox virus infection	Orthopox virus infection
Foot operation	The foot (plural feet) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates.
Congenital choroid plexus cyst	Congenital choroid plexus cyst
Aldolase increased	Fructose-bisphosphate aldolase (EC 4.1.2.13), often just aldolase, is an enzyme catalyzing a reversible reaction that splits the aldol, fructose 1,6-bisphosphate, into the triose phosphates dihydroxyacetone phosphate (DHAP) and glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (G3P).
Ligament pain	A ligament is the fibrous connect tissue that connects bones to other bones.
Adoption	Adoption is a process whereby a person assumes the parenting of another, usually a child, from that person's biological or legal parent or parents.
Acrochordon	A skin tag, or acrochordon (pl.
Basal ganglion degeneration	The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are a group of subcortical nuclei, of varied origin, in the brains of vertebrates, including humans, which are situated at the base of the forebrain and top of the midbrain.
Testicular swelling	Testicle or testis is the male reproductive gland or gonad in all animals, including humans.
Dermatillomania	Excoriation disorder is an obsessive-compulsive spectrum mental disorder that is characterized by the repeated urge or impulse to pick at one's own skin to the extent that either psychological or physical damage is caused.
Rhesus antibodies positive	Rhesus antibodies positive
Nodule on extremity	Nodule on extremity
Anti-SS-B antibody positive	Anti-SS-B antibody positive
Renal pain	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Scratch	Scratch
Otorrhoea	Otorrhoea
Allergic sinusitis	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Small cell lung cancer stage unspecified	Small cell lung cancer stage unspecified
Bottle feeding	A baby bottle, or nursing bottle, or feeding bottle, is a bottle with a teat (also called a nipple in the US) to drink directly from.
Biopsy vagina	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Gastrointestinal stoma complication	In anatomy, a stoma (plural stomata  or stomas) is any opening in the body.
Spinal cord disorder	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Device material opacification	Device material opacification
Blood amylase	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Enterococcal bacteraemia	Enterococcus is a large genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.
Lichen striatus	Lichen striatus  is a rare skin condition that is seen primarily in children, most frequently appearing ages 5–15.
Anaemia of chronic disease	Anemia of chronic disease, is a form of anemia seen in chronic infection, chronic immune activation, and malignancy.
Blood lactic acid abnormal	Blood lactic acid abnormal
Alpha 1 globulin increased	Alpha 1 globulin increased
Roseola	Roseola is an infectious disease caused by certain types of virus.
Anti-insulin antibody positive	Anti-insulin antibody positive
Cryoglobulins	Cold sensitive antibodies (CSA) are antibodies sensitive to cold temperature.
Tinea infection	Dermatophytosis, also known as ringworm, is a fungal infection of the skin.
Blood bicarbonate abnormal	Blood bicarbonate abnormal
Blood creatine phosphokinase abnormal	Blood creatine phosphokinase abnormal
Clubbing	Clubbing
Gastrointestinal obstruction	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Bleeding time	Bleeding time is a medical test done on someone to assess their platelets function.
Chest tube insertion	A chest tube (chest drain, thoracic catheter, tube thoracostomy, or intercostal drain) is a flexible plastic tube that is inserted through the chest wall and into the pleural space or mediastinum.
Breast cancer stage I	Breast cancer stage I
Wound infection	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin decreased	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin decreased
Lymph node palpable	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Dissociative fugue	Dissociative fugue, formerly fugue state or psychogenic fugue, is a dissociative disorder and a rare psychiatric disorder characterized by reversible amnesia for personal identity, including the memories, personality, and other identifying characteristics of individuality.
Breast induration	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Trichorrhexis	Trichorrhexis invaginata is a distinctive hair shaft abnormality that may occur sporadically, either in normal hair or with other hair shaft abnormalities, or regularly as a marker for Netherton's syndrome.
Methaemoglobinaemia	Methemoglobinemia is a condition caused by elevated levels of methemoglobin in the blood.
Costovertebral angle tenderness	Costovertebral angle tenderness (CVAT), also known as CVA tenderness, Murphy's punch sign, Pasternacki's sign, or Goldflam's sign (Latin: succusio renalis), is a medical test in which pain is elicited by percussion of the area of the back overlying the kidney (the costovertebral angle, an angle made by the vertebral column and the costal margin).
Biopsy eyelid	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin negative	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin negative
Uterine leiomyoma	Uterine fibroids, also known as uterine leiomyomas or fibroids, are benign smooth muscle tumors of the uterus.
Vulvovaginal pain	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Vulvovaginal swelling	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Vaginal oedema	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Biopsy cervix normal	Biopsy cervix normal
Application site scab	Application site scab
Hepatic neoplasm malignant	Hepatic neoplasm malignant
Vasculitis cerebral	Vasculitis is a group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation.
Blood sodium abnormal	Blood sodium abnormal
Mental retardation	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Electrophoresis abnormal	"Electrophoresis (from the Greek ""ηλεκτροφόρηση"" meaning ""to bear electrons"") is the motion of dispersed particles relative to a fluid under the influence of a spatially uniform electric field."
Buttock crushing	The buttocks (singular: buttock) are two rounded portions of the anatomy, located on the posterior of the pelvic region of primates (including humans), and many other bipeds or quadrupeds, and comprise a layer of fat superimposed on the gluteus maximus and gluteus medius muscles.
Confusional arousal	Parasomnias  are a category of sleep disorders that involve abnormal movements, behaviors, emotions, perceptions, and dreams that occur while falling asleep, sleeping, between sleep stages, or during arousal from sleep.
Blood sodium	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Chest expansion decreased	Chest expansion decreased
Nerve root lesion	A nerve root (Latin: radix nervi) is the initial segment of a nerve leaving the central nervous system.
Salivary hypersecretion	The salivary glands in mammals are exocrine glands that produce saliva through a system of ducts.
Inguinal mass	Inguinal mass
Nerve conduction studies normal	A nerve conduction study (NCS) is a medical diagnostic test commonly used to evaluate the function, especially the ability of electrical conduction, of the motor and sensory nerves of the human body.
Mononucleosis heterophile test	Mononucleosis heterophile test
Bone sarcoma	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Accessory nerve disorder	Accessory nerve disorder is an injury to the spinal accessory nerve which results in diminished or absent function of the sternocleidomastoid muscle and upper portion of the trapezius muscle.
Connective tissue inflammation	Connective tissue (CT) is one of the four basic types of animal tissue, along with epithelial tissue, muscle tissue, and nervous tissue.
Neisseria test positive	Neisseria test positive
Chillblains	Chilblains — also known as pernio and chill burns — is a medical condition that occurs when a predisposed individual is exposed to cold and humidity, causing tissue damage.
Application site erosion	Application site erosion
Capnogram normal	Capnography is the monitoring of the concentration or partial pressure of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the respiratory gases.
Hypomenorrhoea	Hypomenorrhoea
Bacteria urine	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Heat therapy	Heat therapy, also called thermotherapy, is the use of heat in therapy, such as for pain relief and health.
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin
Infusion site warmth	Infusion site warmth
Euphoric mood	Euphoria (  (listen)) is the experience (or affect) of pleasure or excitement and intense feelings of well-being and happiness.
Osteitis	Osteitis is inflammation of bone.
Corneal disorder	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Influenza serology	Influenza, commonly known as the flu, is an infectious disease caused by an influenza virus.
Heterophoria	"Heterophoria is an eye condition in which the directions that the eyes are pointing at rest position, when not performing binocular fusion, are not the same as each other, or, ""not straight""."
Proctalgia	Proctalgia fugax, a variant of levator ani syndrome, is a severe, episodic pain in the regions of the rectum and anus.
Cytomegalovirus antigen	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Hepatitis B antigen	Hepatitis B (HB) is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis B virus (HBV) that affects the liver.
Upper respiratory tract congestion	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Foetal growth retardation	Foetal growth retardation
Blood arsenic normal	Blood arsenic normal
Amblyopia strabismic	Amblyopia, also called lazy eye, is a disorder of sight due to the eye and brain not working well together.
Bacteria stool no organisms observed	Bacteria stool no organisms observed
Limb malformation	Limb malformation
CD4/CD8 ratio	CD4/CD8 ratio
Alpha 1 foetoprotein increased	Alpha 1 foetoprotein increased
Nipple swelling	The nipple is a raised region of tissue on the surface of the breast from which, in females, milk leaves the breast through the lactiferous ducts to feed an infant.
Knee arthroplasty	Knee replacement, also known as knee arthroplasty, is a surgical procedure to replace the weight-bearing surfaces of the knee joint to relieve pain and disability.
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin increased	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin increased
Intention tremor	Intention tremor, is a dyskinetic disorder characterized by a broad, coarse, and low frequency (below 5 Hz) tremor.
Blood arsenic increased	Blood arsenic increased
Compulsions	Compulsions is a drama web series which debuted Dec 01, 2009 on Dailymotion.com.
Cold agglutinins positive	Cold sensitive antibodies (CSA) are antibodies sensitive to cold temperature.
Laryngoscopy	Laryngoscopy () is endoscopy of the larynx, a part of the throat.
Aortic rupture	Aortic rupture is the rupture or breakage of the aorta, the largest artery in the body.
Red blood cell sedimentation rate increased	Red blood cell sedimentation rate increased
Snoring	Snoring is the vibration of respiratory structures and the resulting sound due to obstructed air movement during breathing while sleeping.
Sick relative	Sick relative
Nasal ulcer	Nasal ulcer
Psoriatic arthropathy	Psoriatic arthritis is a long-term inflammatory arthritis that occurs in people affected by the autoimmune disease psoriasis.
Fontanelle depressed	A fontanelle (or fontanel) (colloquially, soft spot) is an anatomical feature of the infant human skull comprising any of the soft membranous gaps (sutures) between the cranial bones that make up the calvaria of a fetus or an infant.
Disinhibition	In psychology, disinhibition is a lack of restraint manifested in disregard of social conventions, impulsivity, and poor risk assessment.
Cleft lip repair	Cleft lip and cleft palate, also known as orofacial cleft, is a group of conditions that includes cleft lip (CL), cleft palate (CP), and both together (CLP).
Intestinal ischaemia	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Cardiac telemetry	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Encopresis	Encopresis is voluntary or involuntary passage of feces outside of toilet trained contexts (fecal soiling) in children who are four years or older and after an organic cause has been excluded.
Lung transplant	Lung transplantation, or pulmonary transplantation, is a surgical procedure in which a patient's diseased lungs are partially or totally replaced by lungs which come from a donor.
Blood cholinesterase	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Hypovitaminosis	Vitamin deficiency is the condition of a long-term lack of a vitamin.
Blood amylase decreased	Blood amylase decreased
Atrial rupture	The atrium (Latin ātrium, “entry hall”) is the upper chamber through which blood enters the ventricles of the heart.
Photodermatosis	Photodermatoses is a skin disease that is caused by exposure to sunlight.
Drug use for unknown indication	Drug use for unknown indication
Gammopathy	Gamma globulins are a class of globulins, identified by their position after serum protein electrophoresis.
Irritability postvaccinal	Irritability is the excitatory ability that living organisms have to respond to changes in their environment.
Blood pressure systolic normal	Blood pressure systolic normal
Dependence on respirator	Dependence on respirator
Dacryostenosis congenital	Nasolacrimal duct obstruction is the obstruction of the nasolacrimal duct and may be either congenital or acquired.
Medication residue	A medication (also referred to as medicine, pharmaceutical drug, or simply drug) is a drug used to diagnose, cure, treat, or prevent disease.
Anti-SS-A antibody	Anti-SSA autoantibodies (Anti-Sjögren’s-syndrome-related antigen A, also called anti-Ro, or the combination anti-SSA/Ro or anti Ro/SSA autoantibodies) are anti-nuclear autoantibodies that are associated with many autoimmune diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), SS/SLE overlap syndrome, subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus (SCLE), neonatal lupus and primary biliary cirrhosis.
Colony stimulating factor therapy	Colony-stimulating factors (CSFs) are secreted glycoproteins that bind to receptor proteins on the surfaces of hemopoietic stem cells, thereby activating intracellular signaling pathways that can cause the cells to proliferate and differentiate into a specific kind of blood cell (usually white blood cells.
Lip ulceration	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Aicardi's syndrome	Aicardi's syndrome
Blood triglycerides	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Bed bug infestation	Bed bugs are a type of insect that feed on human blood, usually at night.
Oedema mucosal	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Limb deformity	Limb deformity
Acoustic neuritis	Acoustic neuritis
Influenza serology positive	Influenza serology positive
Eustachian tube obstruction	The Eustachian tube, also known as the auditory tube or pharyngotympanic tube, is a tube that links the nasopharynx to the middle ear.
Breast malformation	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Hemicephalalgia	Hemicephalalgia
Reaction to previous exposure to any vaccine	Reaction to previous exposure to any vaccine
Acquired haemophilia	Acquired haemophilia
Cystoscopy	Cystoscopy is endoscopy of the urinary bladder via the urethra.
Hair texture abnormal	Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis.
Cyst removal	A cyst is a closed sac, having a distinct membrane and division compared with the nearby tissue.
Bone neoplasm	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Insulin resistance	Insulin resistance (IR) is a pathological condition in which cells fail to respond normally to the hormone insulin.To prevent hyperglycemia and noticeable organ damage over time, the body produces insulin when glucose starts to be released into the bloodstream, primarily from the digestion of carbohydrates in the diet.
Sleep study	A sleep study is a test that records the activity of the body during sleep.
Vaginal inflammation	Vaginitis, also known as vulvovaginitis, is inflammation of the vagina and vulva.
Precancerous cells present	"Dysplasia (from Ancient Greek δυσ- dys-,  ""bad"" or ""difficult"" and πλάσις plasis, ""formation"") is an abnormal growth or development of cells (microscopic scale) and/or organs (macroscopic scale), and/or the abnormal histology or anatomical structure presumably resulting from such growth."
Anaemia vitamin B12 deficiency	Anaemia vitamin B12 deficiency
Parvovirus infection	Parvovirus is the common name applied to all the viruses in the Parvoviridae taxonomic family, although it can also be used specifically for members of one of the two Parvoviridae subfamilies,  the Parvovirinae, which infect vertebrate hosts.
Pruritus allergic	Itch (also known as pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch.
Physical examination abnormal	A physical examination, medical examination, or clinical examination is the process by which a medical practitioner examines the body of a patient for any possible signs or symptoms of a medical condition.
Biopsy soft tissue	Biopsy soft tissue
Panic reaction	Panic is a sudden sensation of fear, which is so strong as to dominate or prevent reason and logical thinking, replacing it with overwhelming feelings of anxiety and frantic agitation consistent with an animalistic fight-or-flight reaction.
Chorioamnionitis	Chorioamnionitis also known as intra-amniotic infection (IAI) is an inflammation of the fetal membranes (amnion and chorion) due to a bacterial infection.
Yawning	A yawn is a reflex consisting of the simultaneous inhalation of air and the stretching of the eardrums, followed by an exhalation of breath.
Vaccinia virus infection	Vaccinia virus (VACV or VV) is a large, complex, enveloped virus belonging to the poxvirus family.
Anti-insulin antibody increased	Anti-insulin antibody increased
Cubital tunnel syndrome	Ulnar nerve entrapment is a condition where the ulnar nerve becomes physically trapped or pinched, resulting in pain, numbness, or weakness.
Pleuritic pain	Pleurisy, also known as pleuritis, is inflammation of the membranes that surround the lungs and line the chest cavity (pleurae).
Dyspraxia	Developmental coordination disorder (DCD), also known as developmental motor coordination disorder, developmental dyspraxia or simply dyspraxia, is a chronic neurological disorder beginning in childhood.
Blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio increased	Blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio increased
Oral pustule	Oral pustule
Endotoxaemia	Endotoxaemia
Dysmyelination	Myelin is a lipid-rich (fatty) substance that surrounds nerve cell axons (the nervous system's wires) to insulate them and increase the rate at which information (encoded as electrical impulses) is passed along the axon.
Toothache	Toothache, also known as dental pain, is pain in the teeth or their supporting structures, caused by dental diseases or pain referred to the teeth by non-dental diseases.
Cervical myelopathy	Myelopathy describes any neurologic deficit related to the spinal cord.
Ocular discomfort	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Rotator cuff repair	In anatomy, the rotator cuff is a group of muscles and their tendons that act to stabilize the shoulder and allow for its extensive range of motion.
Amphetamines	Substituted amphetamines are a class of compounds based upon the amphetamine structure; it includes all derivative compounds which are formed by replacing, or substituting, one or more hydrogen atoms in the amphetamine core structure with substituents.
Milia	A milium (plural milia), also called a milk spot or an oil seed, is a clog of the eccrine sweat gland.
Frontal sinus operation	The frontal sinuses are one of the four pairs of paranasal sinuses that are situated behind the brow ridges.
Gonorrhoea	Gonorrhea, colloquially known as the clap, is a sexually transmitted infection (STI) caused by the bacterium Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
Application site hyperaesthesia	Application site hyperaesthesia
Death of relative	Death of relative
Circumcision	Circumcision is the removal of the foreskin from the human penis.
Genital discomfort	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Posturing	"A good posture refers to the ""three natural curves [that] are present in a healthy spine.""."
Medical observation	Medical observation  is a medical service aimed at continued care of selected patients, usually for a period of 6 to 24 (sometimes more) hours, to determine their need for inpatient admission.
Biopsy tongue	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Product outer packaging issue	Product outer packaging issue
Product label issue	A label (as distinct from signage) is a piece of paper, plastic film, cloth, metal, or other material affixed to a container or product, on which is written or printed information or symbols about the product or item.
Chlamydia identification test negative	Chlamydia identification test negative
Dermatologic examination	Dermatologic examination
Basilar artery thrombosis	The basilar artery is one of the arteries that supplies the brain with oxygen-rich blood.
False positive laboratory result	False positive laboratory result
Sexually transmitted disease	Sexually transmitted infections (STIs), also referred to as sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), are infections that are commonly spread by sexual activity, especially vaginal intercourse, anal sex and oral sex.
Clostridium difficile toxin test	Clostridium difficile toxin test
LE cells	LE cells
Genital pain	Genital pain and pelvic pain can arise from a variety of conditions, crimes, trauma, medical treatments, physical diseases, mental illness and infections.
Tuberculin test negative	Tuberculin, also known as purified protein derivative, is a combination of proteins that are used in the diagnosis of tuberculosis.
Cyst rupture	A cyst is a closed sac, having a distinct membrane and division compared with the nearby tissue.
Parvovirus B19 serology	Primate erythroparvovirus 1, generally referred to as B19 virus, parvovirus B19 or sometimes erythrovirus B19, was the first (and until 2005 the only) known human virus in the family Parvoviridae, genus Erythroparvovirus; it measures only 23–26 nm in diameter.
Gram stain positive	Gram stain or Gram staining, also called Gram's method, is a method of staining used to distinguish and classify bacterial species into two large groups (Gram-positive and Gram-negative).
Femoral artery occlusion	The femoral artery is a large artery in the thigh and the main arterial supply to the thigh and leg.
Loop electrosurgical excision procedure	The loop electrosurgical excision procedure (LEEP) is one of the most commonly used approaches to treat high grade cervical dysplasia (CIN II/III, HGSIL) discovered on colposcopic examination.
Vascular injury	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Colon cancer	Colorectal cancer (CRC), also known as bowel cancer and colon cancer, is the development of cancer from the colon or rectum (parts of the large intestine).
Chronic sinusitis	Sinusitis, also known as rhinosinusitis, is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms.
Pregnancy test negative	A pregnancy test detects human pregnancy hormone (human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)) to determine whether an individual is pregnant.
Vulvovaginal mycotic infection	Vulvovaginal mycotic infection
Vaginal infection	Vaginitis, also known as vulvovaginitis, is inflammation of the vagina and vulva.
Haemophilus bacteraemia	Not to be confused with Haemophilia.
Artery dissection	Aortic dissection (AD) occurs when an injury to the innermost layer of the aorta allows blood to flow between the layers of the aortic wall, forcing the layers apart.
Herpes simplex serology positive	Herpes simplex serology positive
Bacterial DNA test	A circular prokaryote chromosome is a chromosome in bacteria and archaea, in the form of a molecule of circular DNA.
Hip surgery	Hip replacement is a surgical procedure in which the hip joint is replaced by a prosthetic implant, that is, a hip prosthesis.
Congenital uterine anomaly	Congenital uterine anomaly
HIV test false positive	HIV test false positive
Erythema elevatum diutinum	Erythema elevatum diutinum is a form of vasculitis.It has been described as a paraneoplastic syndrome.
Blastomycosis	Blastomycosis is a fungal infection caused by inhaling Blastomyces dermatitidis spores.
Evans syndrome	Evans syndrome is an autoimmune disease in which an individual's immune system attacks their own red blood cells and platelets, the syndrome can include immune neutropenia.
Enterovirus serology test negative	Enterovirus serology test negative
Cervical polyp	A cervical polyp is a common benign polyp or tumour on the surface of the cervical canal.
Blast cell count increased	Blast cell count increased
DNA antibody negative	DNA antibody negative
Keratitis interstitial	Keratitis is a condition in  which the eye's cornea, the clear dome on the front surface of the eye, becomes inflamed.
Varicella zoster serology negative	Varicella zoster serology negative
Antipsychotic drug level	Antipsychotics, also known as neuroleptics or major tranquilizers, are a class of medication primarily used to manage psychosis (including delusions, hallucinations, paranoia or disordered thought), principally in schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
Cerebellar haemorrhage	"The cerebellum (Latin for ""little brain"") is a major feature of the hindbrain of all vertebrates."
Toxic shock syndrome	Toxic shock syndrome (TSS) is a condition caused by bacterial toxins.
Chlamydia identification test positive	Chlamydia identification test positive
Lymphomatoid papulosis	Lymphomatoid papulosis (LyP) is a rare skin disorder.
Alpha 1 foetoprotein decreased	Alpha 1 foetoprotein decreased
Neutrophil count	Neutrophils (also known as  neutrocytes) are the most abundant type of granulocytes and the most abundant (60% to 70%) type of white blood cells in most mammals.
Borrelia burgdorferi serology positive	Borrelia burgdorferi serology positive
Streptococcal identification test negative	Streptococcal identification test negative
Social avoidant behaviour	Social avoidant behaviour
Non-consummation	Non-consummation
Anti-erythrocyte antibody	Anti-erythrocyte antibody
Pancreatic mass	The pancreatic tumors (or pancreatic neoplasms) are tumors arising in the pancreas.
Colectomy total	Colectomy (col- + -ectomy) is bowel resection of the large bowel (colon).
Vaccinia	Vaccinia virus (VACV or VV) is a large, complex, enveloped virus belonging to the poxvirus family.
AIDS encephalopathy	Human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) is a spectrum of conditions caused by infection with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Vital capacity abnormal	Vital capacity (VC) is the maximum amount of air a person can expel from the lungs after a maximum inhalation.
Acid fast stain negative	Acid fast stain negative
Spinal compression fracture	A compression fracture is a collapse of a vertebra.
Large intestine perforation	The large intestine, also known as the large bowel, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates.
Culture tissue specimen positive	Culture tissue specimen positive
Sinus headache	Sinusitis, also known as rhinosinusitis, is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms.
Clostridium difficile toxin test positive	Clostridium difficile toxin test positive
Nail disorder	A nail disease or onychosis is a disease or deformity of the nail.
Hypoalbuminaemia	Hypoalbuminemia (or hypoalbuminaemia) is a medical sign in which the level of albumin in the blood is abnormally low.
Postnasal drip	Post-nasal drip (PND) occurs when excessive mucus is produced by the nasal mucosa.
Anal spasm	Proctalgia fugax, a variant of levator ani syndrome, is a severe, episodic pain in the regions of the rectum and anus.
Coagulation factor V level	Coagulation factor V level
Myodesopsia	"Floaters are sometimes visible deposits within the eye's vitreous humour (""the vitreous""), which is normally transparent."
Aversion	Aversion
Phonophobia	Phonophobia, also called ligyrophobia or sonophobia, is a fear of or aversion to loud sounds (for example fireworks)—a type of specific phobia.
Blood mercury normal	Blood mercury normal
Mycoplasma serology	Mycoplasma is a mollicute genus of bacteria that lack a cell wall around their cell membranes.
Complement factor C4	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Uvulitis	The palatine uvula, usually referred to as simply the uvula , is a conic projection from the back edge of the middle of the soft palate, composed of connective tissue containing a number of racemose glands, and some muscular fibers.
Acrodermatitis	Acrodermatitis /ac·ro·der·ma·ti·tis/  is a childhood form of dermatitis selectively affecting the hands and feet and may be accompanied by mild symptoms of fever and malaise.
Blood parathyroid hormone	Blood parathyroid hormone
Eustachian tube dysfunction	Eustachian tube dysfunction (ETD) is defined as pressure abnormalities in the middle ear which result in symptoms.
Cervix cerclage procedure	Cervix cerclage procedure
Vaccination site eschar	Vaccination site eschar
Bacteria blood identified	Bacteria blood identified
Delusional perception	A delusion is a firm and fixed belief based on inadequate grounds not amenable to rational argument or evidence to contrary, not in sync with regional, cultural and educational background.
Epidural anaesthesia	"Epidural administration (from Ancient Greek ἐπί, ""on, upon"" + dura mater) is a medical route of administration in which a drug such as epidural analgesia and epidural anaesthesia or contrast agent is injected into the epidural space around the spinal cord."
Piloerection	Goose bumps  are the bumps on a person's skin at the base of body hairs which may involuntarily develop when a person is tickled, cold or experiencing strong emotions such as fear, euphoria or sexual arousal.The formation of goose bumps in humans under stress is considered to be a vestigial reflex; and its function in other apes is to raise the body's hair, and would have made human ancestors appear larger to scare off predators or to increase the amount of air trapped in the fur to make it more insulating.
Mycotic allergy	Mycosis is a fungal infection of animals, including humans.
Muscle enzyme increased	Muscle enzyme increased
Mania	"Mania, also known as manic syndrome, is a state of abnormally elevated arousal, affect, and energy level, or ""a state of heightened overall activation with enhanced affective expression together with lability of affect."""
Prostate examination normal	Prostate examination normal
Radial nerve injury	The radial nerve is a nerve in the human body that supplies the posterior portion of the upper limb.
Eustachian tube disorder	The Eustachian tube, also known as the auditory tube or pharyngotympanic tube, is a tube that links the nasopharynx to the middle ear.
Physical examination	A physical examination, medical examination, or clinical examination is the process by which a medical practitioner examines the body of a patient for any possible signs or symptoms of a medical condition.
Eyes sunken	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Angiofibroma	Angiofibromas are small, reddish brown or even flesh-colored, smooth, shiny, 0.1 to 0.3 cm papules present over the sides of the nose and the medial portions of the cheeks.
Grip strength	Grip strength is the force applied by the hand to pull on or suspend from objects and is a specific part of hand strength.
No adverse reaction	No adverse reaction
Anoxic encephalopathy	Hypoxia is a condition in which the body or a region of the body is deprived of adequate oxygen supply at the tissue level.
Papilloma conjunctival	A papilloma (plural papillomas or papillomata) (papillo- + -oma) is a benign epithelial tumor growing exophytically (outwardly projecting) in nipple-like and often finger-like fronds.
Hepatitis B surface antigen	HBsAg (also known as the Australia antigen) is the surface antigen of the hepatitis B virus (HBV).
Adenosine deaminase deficiency	Adenosine deaminase deficiency  is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that causes immunodeficiency.
Blood insulin increased	Blood insulin increased
Lipodystrophy acquired	Lipodystrophy syndromes are a group of genetic or acquired disorders in which the body is unable to produce and maintain healthy fat tissue.
Application site papules	Application site papules
Spinal X-ray normal	Spinal X-ray normal
Anticipatory anxiety	Panic attacks are sudden periods of intense fear that may include palpitations, sweating, shaking, shortness of breath, numbness, or a feeling that something bad is going to happen.
Limb reduction defect	Limb reduction defect
Urine analysis abnormal	Clinical urine tests are various tests of urine for diagnostic purposes.
Craniotomy	A craniotomy is a surgical operation in which a bone flap is temporarily removed from the skull to access the brain.
Anterior spinal artery syndrome	"Anterior spinal artery syndrome (also known as ""anterior spinal cord syndrome"") is syndrome caused by ischemia of the anterior spinal artery, resulting in loss of function of the anterior two-thirds of the spinal cord."
Diverticulum	A diverticulum is the medical or biological term for an outpouching of a hollow (or a fluid-filled) structure in the body.
CSF glucose abnormal	CSF glucose or glycorrhachia is a measurement used to determine the concentration of glucose in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Eosinophilic fasciitis	"Eosinophilic fasciitis (), also known as ""Shulman's syndrome"", is a form of fasciitis, the inflammatory diseases that affect the fascia, the connective tissues surrounding muscles, blood vessels and nerves."
Seroconversion test	In immunology, seroconversion is the time period during which a specific antibody develops and becomes detectable in the blood.
Anti-HBs antibody	Anti-HBs antibody
Brain neoplasm benign	Brain neoplasm benign
Periorbital cellulitis	Periorbital cellulitis,  (and not to be confused with orbital cellulitis, which is posterior to the orbital septum), is an inflammation and infection of the eyelid and portions of skin around the eye anterior to the orbital septum.
Basal ganglia infarction	The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are a group of subcortical nuclei, of varied origin, in the brains of vertebrates, including humans, which are situated at the base of the forebrain and top of the midbrain.
Purulence	Pus is an exudate, typically white-yellow, yellow, or yellow-brown, formed at the site of inflammation during bacterial or fungal infection.
Vomiting in pregnancy	Vomiting in pregnancy
Mouth injury	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Streptococcal identification test positive	Streptococcal identification test positive
Lip exfoliation	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Blood urea	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Alopecia effluvium	Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body.
Back crushing	The human back is the large posterior area of the human body, rising from the top of the buttocks to the back of the neck and the shoulders.
Hirsutism	Hirsutism is excessive body hair in men and women on parts of the body where hair is normally absent or minimal.
Urticaria thermal	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Candida serology negative	Candida serology negative
Lymphocyte count abnormal	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Blood thromboplastin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Aortic embolus	The aorta ( ay-OR-tə) is the main and largest artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries).
Hepatitis C antibody	Hepatitis C is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis C virus (HCV) that primarily affects the liver.
Brachial pulse normal	Brachial pulse normal
Pneumonia primary atypical	Pneumonia primary atypical
Stomach discomfort	Abdominal pain, also known as a stomach ache, is a symptom associated with both non-serious and serious medical issues.
Rash rubelliform	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Erythema marginatum	Erythema marginatum is a type of erythema (redness of the skin or mucous membranes) involving pink rings on the torso and inner surfaces of the limbs which come and go for as long as several months.
Congenital joint malformation	Congenital joint malformation
Contrast media allergy	A contrast agent (or contrast medium) is a substance used to increase the contrast of structures or fluids within the body in medical imaging.
Haematocrit	The hematocrit () (Ht or HCT), also known by several other names, is a blood test that measures the volume percentage (vol%) of red blood cells (RBC) in blood.
Hypervigilance	Hypervigilance is an enhanced state of sensory sensitivity accompanied by an exaggerated intensity of behaviors whose purpose is to detect activity.
Occult blood negative	Fecal occult blood (FOB) refers to blood in the feces that is not visibly apparent (unlike other types of blood in stool such as melena or hematochezia).
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin normal	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin normal
Libido decreased	Libido (; colloquial: sex drive) is a person's overall sexual drive or desire for sexual activity.
Endoscopy	An endoscopy (looking inside) is used in medicine to look inside the body.
Blood bicarbonate increased	Blood bicarbonate increased
Ejection fraction decreased	An ejection fraction (EF) is the volumetric fraction (or portion of the total) of fluid (usually blood) ejected from a chamber (usually the heart) with each contraction (or heartbeat).
Hepatitis C positive	Hepatitis C is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis C virus (HCV) that primarily affects the liver.
Tongue black hairy	Tongue black hairy
Sleep paralysis	Sleep paralysis is when, during waking up or falling asleep, a person is aware but unable to move or speak.
Injection site desquamation	Injection site desquamation
Pregnancy test positive	A pregnancy test detects human pregnancy hormone (human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)) to determine whether an individual is pregnant.
Eczema vaccinatum	Eczema vaccinatum is a rare severe adverse reaction to smallpox vaccination.
Alkalosis	Alkalosis is the result of a process reducing hydrogen ion concentration of arterial blood plasma (alkalemia).
Injection site fibrosis	Injection site fibrosis
Skin hyperpigmentation	Hyperpigmentation is the darkening of an area of skin or nails caused by increased melanin.
Mononucleosis syndrome	Infectious mononucleosis (IM, mono), also known as glandular fever, is an infection usually caused by the Epstein–Barr virus (EBV).
Viral skin infection	Viral skin infection
Arteriogram renal	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Amniotic fluid index abnormal	Amniotic fluid index (AFI) is a quantitative estimate of amniotic fluid and an indicator of fetal well-being.
Injection site vasculitis	Injection site vasculitis
Urine analysis normal	Clinical urine tests are various tests of urine for diagnostic purposes.
Blood pressure orthostatic decreased	Blood pressure orthostatic decreased
Developmental glaucoma	Development of the human body is the process of growth to maturity.
Staphylococcal bacteraemia	Staphylococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae in the order Bacillales.
Iris hypopigmentation	Iris hypopigmentation
Tachycardia paroxysmal	Tachycardia, also called tachyarrhythmia, is a heart rate that exceeds the normal resting rate.
Knee operation	In humans and other primates, the knee joins the thigh with the leg and consists of two joints: one between the femur and tibia (tibiofemoral joint), and one between the femur and patella (patellofemoral joint).
Streptococcal identification test	Streptococcal identification test
17-hydroxyprogesterone increased	17α-Hydroxyprogesterone (17α-OHP), or hydroxyprogesterone (OHP), is an endogenous progestogen steroid hormone related to progesterone.
Syphilis test positive	Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum.
Pulmonary vasculitis	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Uterine inflammation	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Ketoacidosis	Ketoacidosis is a metabolic state caused by uncontrolled production of ketone bodies that cause a metabolic acidosis.
Hepatitis A antibody abnormal	Hepatitis A antibody abnormal
Cytomegalovirus antibody positive	Cytomegalovirus antibody positive
Drug level increased	Drug level increased
Ulnar nerve injury	In human anatomy, the ulnar nerve is a nerve that runs near the ulna bone.
Urinary system X-ray	The urinary system, also known as the renal system or urinary tract, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
Atrophoderma of Pasini and Pierini	Morphea, is a form of scleroderma that involves isolated patches of hardened skin on the face, hands, and feet, or anywhere else on the body, with no internal organ involvement.
Stem cell transplant	Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is the transplantation of multipotent hematopoietic stem cells, usually derived from bone marrow, peripheral blood, or umbilical cord blood.
Inhibitory drug interaction	Inhibitory drug interaction
Infection transmission via personal contact	Infection transmission via personal contact
Haemodialysis	Hemodialysis, also spelled haemodialysis, or simply dialysis, is a process of purifying the blood of a person whose kidneys are not working normally.
Diabetic end stage renal disease	Diabetic end stage renal disease
Prophylaxis	Preventive healthcare (alternatively preventative healthcare or prophylaxis) consists of measures taken for disease prevention.
Teething	"Teething is the process by which an infant's first teeth (the deciduous teeth, often called ""baby teeth"" or ""milk teeth"") sequentially appear by emerging through the gums, typically arriving in pairs."
No adverse effect	No adverse effect
Faeces hard	Feces (or faeces) are the solid or semisolid remains of food that could not be digested in the small intestine.
Vaginal swelling	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Blood alkaline phosphatase	Blood alkaline phosphatase
Hepatitis B e antigen negative	Hepatitis B e antigen negative
Seizure anoxic	A seizure, formally known as an epileptic seizure, is a period of symptoms due to abnormally excessive or synchronous neuronal activity in the brain.
Bladder obstruction	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Oral contraception	Oral contraceptives, abbreviated OCPs, also known as birth control pills, are medications taken by mouth for the purpose of birth control.
False positive tuberculosis test	False positive tuberculosis test
White blood cell count	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Blood pressure ambulatory decreased	Blood pressure ambulatory decreased
Pseudomonas infection	Pseudomonas infection refers to a disease caused by one of the species of the genus Pseudomonas.
Chlamydia serology	Chlamydia, or more specifically a chlamydia infection, is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis.
Oral soft tissue disorder	Oral soft tissue disorder
Seroconversion test positive	Seroconversion test positive
Peripheral nerve palsy	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Reading disorder	Reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding symbols to derive meaning.
Frostbite	Frostbite occurs when exposure to low temperatures causes freezing of the skin or other tissues.
Conjunctival irritation	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Blood corticotrophin normal	Blood corticotrophin normal
Therapeutic product ineffective	Therapeutic product ineffective
Extubation	Tracheal intubation, usually simply referred to as intubation, is the placement of a flexible plastic tube into the trachea (windpipe) to maintain an open airway or to serve as a conduit through which to administer certain drugs.
Hyperlipidaemia	Hyperlipidemia is abnormally elevated levels of any or all lipids or lipoproteins in the blood.Lipids (water-insoluble molecules) are transported in a protein capsule.
Mean cell haemoglobin	The mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) is a measure of the concentration of haemoglobin in a given volume of packed red blood cell.
Cystoscopy abnormal	Cystoscopy is endoscopy of the urinary bladder via the urethra.
Genital erythema	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Cervix haemorrhage uterine	Cervix haemorrhage uterine
Biopsy intestine	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Pregnancy test false positive	Pregnancy test false positive
Pelvic inflammatory disease	Pelvic inflammatory disease, also known as pelvic inflammatory disorder (PID), is an infection of the upper part of the female reproductive system, namely the uterus, fallopian tubes, and ovaries, and inside of the pelvis.
Bartholin's cyst	A Bartholin's cyst occurs when Bartholin's gland, within the labia, becomes blocked.
Vulvovaginal pruritus	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Intubation	Intubation (sometimes entubation) is a medical procedure involving the insertion of a tube into the body.
C1 esterase inhibitor test	C1-inhibitor (C1-inh, C1 esterase inhibitor) is a protease inhibitor belonging to the serpin superfamily.
Urticaria generalised	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Skin hypertrophy	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Cardiac ventriculogram abnormal	Cardiac ventriculogram abnormal
Urine human chorionic gonadotropin negative	Urine human chorionic gonadotropin negative
Pulse pressure decreased	Pulse pressure is the difference between systolic and diastolic blood pressure.It is measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg).
Blood insulin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Chloasma	Melasma (also known as chloasma faciei, or the mask of pregnancy when present in pregnant women) is a tan or dark skin discoloration.
Lipids normal	In biology and biochemistry, a lipid is a biomolecule that is soluble in nonpolar solvents.
Carbon dioxide abnormal	Carbon dioxide (chemical formula CO2) is a colorless gas with a density about 60% higher than that of dry air.
Macular oedema	Macular edema occurs when fluid and protein deposits collect on or under the macula of the eye (a yellow central area of the retina) and causes it to thicken and swell (edema).
Dyshidrosis	Dyshidrosis, is a type of dermatitis, that is characterized by itchy blisters on the palms of the hands and bottoms of the feet.
Beta globulin increased	"Beta globulins are a group of globular proteins in plasma that are more mobile in alkaline or electrically charged solutions than gamma globulins, but less mobile than alpha globulins.Examples of beta globulins include: 

beta-2 microglobulin
plasminogen
angiostatins
properdin
sex hormone-binding globulin
transferrin"
Granulocytes abnormal	Granulocytes are a category of white blood cells characterized by the presence of granules in their cytoplasm.
Infection in an immunocompromised host	Infection in an immunocompromised host
Mean platelet volume decreased	Mean platelet volume (MPV) is a machine-calculated measurement of the average size of platelets found in blood and is typically included in blood tests as part of the CBC.
Prostatic acid phosphatase abnormal	Prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP), also prostatic specific acid phosphatase (PSAP), is an enzyme produced by the prostate.
Adrenal neoplasm	The adrenal glands (also known as suprarenal glands) are endocrine glands that produce a variety of hormones including adrenaline and the steroids aldosterone and cortisol.
Post inflammatory pigmentation change	Post inflammatory pigmentation change
Leukoplakia oral	Leukoplakia is a firmly attached white patch on a mucous membrane which is associated with an increased risk of cancer.
Gastric cancer	Stomach cancer, also known as gastric cancer, is a cancer that develops from the lining of the stomach.
Intercostal retraction	Intercostal muscles are several groups of muscles that run between the ribs, and help form and move the chest wall.
Neck injury	The neck is the part of the body on many vertebrates that connects the head with the torso and provides the mobility and movements of the head.
Exposure to chemical pollution	Exposure to chemical pollution
Pre-existing condition improved	In the context of healthcare in the United States, a pre-existing condition is a medical condition that started before a person's health benefits went into effect.
Cold agglutinins negative	Cold sensitive antibodies (CSA) are antibodies sensitive to cold temperature.
Eosinophil count abnormal	Eosinophil count abnormal
Physical examination normal	A physical examination, medical examination, or clinical examination is the process by which a medical practitioner examines the body of a patient for any possible signs or symptoms of a medical condition.
Beta globulin	"Beta globulins are a group of globular proteins in plasma that are more mobile in alkaline or electrically charged solutions than gamma globulins, but less mobile than alpha globulins.Examples of beta globulins include: 

beta-2 microglobulin
plasminogen
angiostatins
properdin
sex hormone-binding globulin
transferrin"
Grey syndrome neonatal	Gray baby syndrome (also termed Gray or Grey syndrome) is a rare but serious side effect that occurs in newborn infants (especially premature babies) following the accumulation of antibiotic chloramphenicol.
Basophilia	Basophilia is the condition of having greater than 100 basophils/microliter in the peripheral blood.
Atherosclerosis	Atherosclerosis is a disease in which the inside of an artery narrows due to the build up of plaque.
Pulmonary haemorrhage	Pulmonary hemorrhage (or pulmonary haemorrhage) is an acute bleeding from the lung, from the upper respiratory tract and the trachea, and the alveoli.
Fat tissue increased	In biology, adipose tissue, body fat, or simply fat is a loose connective tissue composed mostly of adipocytes.
Rhinitis allergic	Rhinitis, also known as coryza, is irritation and inflammation of the mucous membrane inside the nose.
Eyelid retraction	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Joint tuberculosis	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Infection parasitic	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Syphilis test false positive	Syphilis test false positive
Atelectasis neonatal	Atelectasis is the collapse or closure of a lung resulting in reduced or absent gas exchange.
Cheilosis	Angular cheilitis (AC) is inflammation of one or both corners of the mouth.
Shoulder pain	Shoulder problems including pain, are  one of the more common reasons for physician visits for musculoskeletal symptoms.
Abdominal hernia repair	A hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ, such as the bowel, through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides.
Chest wall pain	The thoracic wall or chest wall is the boundary of the thoracic cavity.
Subcutaneous nodule	A subcutaneous injection is administered as a bolus into the subcutis, the layer of skin directly below the dermis and epidermis, collectively referred to as the cutis.
Anhidrosis	Hypohidrosis is a disorder in which a person exhibits diminished sweating in response to appropriate stimuli.
Conjunctival discolouration	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Urinary tract disorder	The urinary system, also known as the renal system or urinary tract, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
Hepatic fibrosis	Cirrhosis, also known as liver cirrhosis or hepatic cirrhosis, is a condition in which the liver does not function properly due to long-term damage.
Drug level decreased	Drug level decreased
Pleocytosis	"In medicine, pleocytosis (or pleiocytosis) is an increased cell count (from Greek pleion, ""more""), particularly an increase in white blood cell count, in a bodily fluid, such as cerebrospinal fluid."
Halo vision	Orthotics (Greek: Ορθός, romanized: ortho, lit.
Gastroschisis	Gastroschisis is a birth defect in which the baby's intestines extend outside of the abdomen through a hole next to the belly button.
Hypoglobulinaemia	Hypoglobulinaemia
Intestinal gangrene	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Cough decreased	A cough is a sudden, and often repetitively occurring, protective reflex which helps to clear the large breathing passages from fluids, irritants, foreign particles and microbes.
Foetal distress syndrome	Fetal distress refers to the presence of signs in a pregnant woman—before or during childbirth—that suggest that the fetus may not be well.
Ciliary muscle spasm	The ciliary muscle UK: , US:  is a ring of smooth muscle in the eye's middle layer (vascular layer) that controls accommodation for viewing objects at varying distances and regulates the flow of aqueous humor into Schlemm's canal.
Collagen-vascular disease	Collagen-vascular disease
Obesity	Obesity is a medical condition in which excess body fat has accumulated to an extent that it may have a negative effect on health.
Adrenal adenoma	An adrenocortical adenoma is a benign tumor of the adrenal cortex.
Somatoform disorder	A somatic symptom disorder, formerly known as a somatoform disorder, is any mental disorder that manifests as physical symptoms that suggest illness or injury, but cannot be explained fully by a general medical condition or by the direct effect of a substance, and are not attributable to another mental disorder (e.g., panic disorder).
Ileus spastic	Ileus is a disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the intestine due to the malfunction of peristalsis.
Neurosis	Neurosis is a class of functional mental disorders involving chronic distress but neither delusions nor hallucinations.
Biliary neoplasm	A bile duct is any of a number of long tube-like structures that carry bile, and is present in most vertebrates.
Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma	"Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma (AITL, sometimes misspelled AILT) (formerly known as ""angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy with dysproteinemia"") is a mature T-cell lymphoma of blood or lymph vessel immunoblasts characterized by a polymorphous lymph node infiltrate showing a marked increase in follicular dendritic cells (FDCs) and high endothelial venules (HEVs) and systemic involvement."
Thyroxine increased	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Intermittent claudication	Intermittent claudication (Latin: claudicatio intermittens),  is a symptom that describes muscle pain on mild exertion (ache, cramp, numbness or sense of fatigue), classically in the calf muscle, which occurs during exercise, such as walking, and is relieved by a short period of rest.
Neonatal respiratory distress syndrome	Infantile respiratory distress syndrome (IRDS), also called respiratory distress syndrome of newborn, or increasingly surfactant deficiency disorder (SDD), and previously called hyaline membrane disease (HMD), is a syndrome in premature infants caused by developmental insufficiency of pulmonary surfactant production and structural immaturity in the lungs.
IIIrd nerve paresis	IIIrd nerve paresis
Coronary artery atherosclerosis	The coronary arteries are the blood vessels (arteries) of coronary circulation, which transports oxygenated blood to the substance of the heart.
Mouth plaque	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Haemangioma of skin	Haemangioma of skin
Thought blocking	Thought blocking (also known as German: Sperrung), a phenomenon that occurs in people with psychiatric illnesses (usually schizophrenia), occurs when a person's speech is suddenly interrupted by silences that may last a few seconds to a minute or longer.
Carnitine deficiency	Systemic primary carnitine deficiency (SPCD),  is an inborn error of fatty acid transport caused by a defect in the transporter responsible for moving carnitine across the plasma membrane.
Thyrotoxic crisis	Thyroid storm  is a rare but severe and potentially life-threatening complication of hyperthyroidism (overactivity of the thyroid gland).
Nasal polyps	Nasal polyps (NP) are noncancerous growths within the nose or sinuses.
Delayed delivery	Delayed delivery
Cycloplegia	Cycloplegia is paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye, resulting in a loss of accommodation.
Conjunctival deposit	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Sarcoma	A sarcoma is a cancer that arises from transformed cells of mesenchymal (connective tissue) origin.
Ejaculation disorder	Ejaculation is the discharge of semen (normally containing sperm) from the male reproductory tract, usually accompanied by orgasm.
Sexual dysfunction	Sexual dysfunction is difficulty experienced by an individual or a couple during any stage of a normal sexual activity, including physical pleasure, desire, preference, arousal or orgasm.
Ear malformation	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Genitalia external painful	Genitalia external painful
Buccoglossal syndrome	Buccoglossal syndrome
Oral neoplasm	Oral neoplasm
Malignant hypertension	A hypertensive emergency is high blood pressure with potentially life-threatening symptoms and signs indicative of acute impairment of one or more organ systems (brain, eyes, heart, aorta, or kidneys).
Drug tolerance decreased	Drug tolerance is a pharmacological concept describing subjects' reduced reaction to a drug following its repeated use.
Ventricular extrasystoles	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Penis disorder	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Pleural mesothelioma	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Body dysmorphic disorder	Body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), occasionally still called dysmorphophobia, is a mental disorder characterized by the obsessive idea that some aspect of one's own body part or appearance is severely flawed and therefore warrants exceptional measures to hide or fix one's dysmorphic part on one's figure.
Vasodilation procedure	Vasodilation is the widening of blood vessels.
Conjunctival ulcer	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Laryngotracheal oedema	Laryngotracheal oedema
Dissecting coronary artery aneurysm	Dissecting coronary artery aneurysm
Lower motor neurone lesion	A lower motor neuron lesion is a lesion which affects nerve fibers traveling from the lower motor neuron(s) in the anterior horn/anterior grey column of the spinal cord, or in the motor nuclei of the cranial nerves, to the relevant muscle(s).One major characteristic used to identify a lower motor neuron lesion is flaccid paralysis – paralysis accompanied by loss of muscle tone.
Rapid eye movements sleep abnormal	Rapid eye movements sleep abnormal
Cor pulmonale	Pulmonary heart disease, also known as cor pulmonale, is the enlargement and failure of the right ventricle of the heart as a response to increased vascular resistance (such as from pulmonic stenosis) or high blood pressure in the lungs.Chronic pulmonary heart disease usually results in right ventricular hypertrophy (RVH), whereas acute pulmonary heart disease usually results in dilatation.
Monocytosis	Monocytosis is an increase in the number of monocytes circulating in the blood.
Analgesic effect	An analgesic or painkiller is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve analgesia, relief from pain.
Hyperexplexia	"Hyperekplexia (""exaggerated surprise"") is a neurologic disorder classically characterised by pronounced startle responses to tactile or acoustic stimuli and hypertonia."
Breast engorgement	Breast engorgement occurs in the mammary glands due to expansion and pressure exerted by the synthesis and storage of breast milk.
Prostration	Prostration is the placement of the body in a reverentially or submissively prone position as a gesture.
Haemochromatosis	Iron overload indicates accumulation of iron in the body from any cause.
Cartilage development disorder	Cartilage development disorder
Prothrombin level increased	Prothrombin level increased
Tracheobronchitis	Tracheobronchitis is inflammation of the trachea and bronchi.
Aminoaciduria	Aminoaciduria occurs when the urine contains abnormally high amounts of amino acids.
Blood creatinine abnormal	Blood creatinine abnormal
Anal discomfort	Anal discomfort
Breast infection	Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder, usually associated with breastfeeding.
Early morning awakening	Morning is the period of time from sunrise to noon.
Myocardial ischaemia	Coronary artery disease (CAD), also known as ischemic heart disease (IHD), involves the reduction of blood flow to the heart muscle due to build-up of plaque in the arteries of the heart.
Pruritus ani	Pruritus ani is the irritation of the skin at the exit of the rectum, known as the anus, causing the desire to scratch.
Calculus urinary	"Calculus, originally called infinitesimal calculus or ""the calculus of infinitesimals"", is the mathematical study of continuous change, in the same way that geometry is the study of shape and algebra is the study of generalizations of arithmetic operations."
Therapeutic reaction time decreased	Therapeutic reaction time decreased
Arteritis coronary	Arteritis is the inflammation of the walls of arteries, usually as a result of infection or autoimmune response.
Infection protozoal	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Lymphocytic leukaemia	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Birth trauma	Childbirth-related posttraumatic stress disorder is a psychological disorder that can develop in women who have recently given birth.
Gastrointestinal tract mucosal discolouration	Gastrointestinal tract mucosal discolouration
Murder	Murder is the unlawful killing of another human without justification or valid excuse, especially the unlawful killing of another human with malice aforethought.
Aseptic necrosis bone	Avascular necrosis (AVN), also called osteonecrosis or bone infarction, is death of bone tissue due to interruption of the blood supply.
Rales	Crackles are the clicking, rattling, or crackling noises that may be made by one or both lungs of a human with a respiratory disease during inhalation.
Phlebitis superficial	Phlebitis or venitis is the inflammation of a vein, usually in the legs.
Heat exhaustion	Heat exhaustion is a severe form of heat illness.
Tachyarrhythmia	Tachycardia, also called tachyarrhythmia, is a heart rate that exceeds the normal resting rate.
Achlorhydria	Achlorhydria, also known as hypochlorhydria, refers to states where the production of hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions of the stomach and other digestive organs is absent or low, respectively.
Right ventricular failure	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Vasodilatation	Vasodilation is the widening of blood vessels.
Sialoadenitis	Sialadenitis (sialoadenitis) is inflammation of salivary glands, usually the major ones, the most common being the parotid gland, followed by submandibular and sublingual glands.
Chondrodystrophy	"Chondrodystrophy (literally, ""cartilage maldevelopment"") refers to a skeletal disorder caused by one of myriad genetic mutations that can affect the development of cartilage."
Suppressed lactation	Suppressed lactation
Blood gonadotrophin decreased	Blood gonadotrophin decreased
Labour onset delayed	Labour onset delayed
Retinal disorder	The retina is the innermost, light-sensitive layer of tissue of the eye of most vertebrates and some molluscs.
Bile duct stenosis	A bile duct is any of a number of long tube-like structures that carry bile, and is present in most vertebrates.
Oesophagitis	"Esophagitis (British spelling oesophagitis) (Greek οἰσοφάγος ""gullet"" and -itis ""inflammation"") is a disease characterized by inflammation of the esophagus."
Seborrhoea	Sebaceous glands are microscopic exocrine glands in the skin that secrete an oily or waxy matter, called sebum, to lubricate and waterproof the skin and hair of mammals.
Oculogyration	Oculogyration
Hyperprolactinaemia	Hyperprolactinaemia  is the presence of abnormally high levels of prolactin in the blood.
Hypercholesterolaemia	Hypercholesterolemia, also called high cholesterol, is the presence of high levels of cholesterol in the blood.
Endometrial disorder	The endometrium is the inner epithelial layer, along with its mucous membrane, of the mammalian uterus.
Glycosuria	Glycosuria is the excretion of glucose into the urine.
Red blood cell sedimentation rate decreased	Red blood cell sedimentation rate decreased
Pleural disorder	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Gingival hyperplasia	Gingival enlargement is an increase in the size of the gingiva (gums).
Blood thromboplastin increased	Blood thromboplastin increased
Proctitis	Proctitis is an inflammation of the anus and the lining of the rectum, affecting only the last 6 inches of the rectum.
Clostridium colitis	Clostridium is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria.
Calcium metabolism disorder	Calcium metabolism is the movement and regulation of calcium ions (Ca2+) in (via the gut) and out (via the gut and kidneys) of the body, and between body compartments: the blood plasma, the extracellular and intracellular fluids, and  bone.
Systemic lupus erythematosus rash	Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), also known simply as lupus, is an autoimmune disease in which the body's immune system mistakenly attacks healthy tissue in many parts of the body.
Hyperchloraemia	Hyperchloremia is an electrolyte disturbance in which there is an elevated level of the chloride ions in the blood.
Spastic paralysis	Spasticity  (from Greek  spasmos-, meaning 'drawing, pulling') is a feature of altered skeletal muscle performance with a combination of paralysis, increased tendon reflex activity, and hypertonia.
Ventricular fibrillation	Ventricular fibrillation (V-fib or VF) is when the heart quivers instead of pumping due to disorganized electrical activity in the ventricles.
Hyperuricaemia	Hyperuricemia is an abnormally high level of uric acid in the blood.
Vascular anomaly	A vascular anomaly is a kind of birthmark caused by a disorder of the vascular development, although it is not always present at birth.
Globulins increased	The globulins are a family of globular proteins that have the higher molecular weights than albumins and are insoluble in pure water but dissolve in dilute salt solutions.
Hypernatraemia	Hypernatremia, also spelled hypernatraemia, is a high concentration of sodium in the blood.
Leukoderma	Vitiligo is a long-term skin condition characterized by patches of the skin losing their pigment.
Electrolyte depletion	An electrolyte is a substance that produces an electrically conducting solution when dissolved in a polar solvent, such as water.
Vascular occlusion	Vascular occlusion is a blockage of a blood vessel, usually with a clot.
Hypertrophy breast	"Hypertrophy (, from Greek ὑπέρ ""excess"" + τροφή ""nourishment"") is the increase in the volume of an organ or tissue due to the enlargement of its component cells."
Colonic haemorrhage	Colon cleansing (also known as colon therapy) encompasses a number of alternative medical therapies claimed to remove nonspecific toxins from the colon and intestinal tract by removing any accumulations of feces.
Laboratory test interference	A blood test is a laboratory analysis performed on a blood sample that is usually extracted from a vein in the arm using a hypodermic needle, or via fingerprick.
Vaginal candidiasis	Vaginal yeast infection, also known as candidal vulvovaginitis and vaginal thrush, is excessive growth of yeast in the vagina that results in irritation.
Adrenal cortex necrosis	Situated along the perimeter of the adrenal gland, the adrenal cortex mediates the stress response through the production of mineralocorticoids and glucocorticoids, such as aldosterone and cortisol, respectively.
White blood cell disorder	White blood cells (WBCs), also called leukocytes or leucocytes, are the cells of the immune system that are involved in protecting the body against both infectious disease and foreign invaders.
Polyuria	Polyuria () is excessive or an abnormally large production or passage of urine (greater than 2.5 L or 3 L over 24 hours in adults).
Nephrosclerosis	Hypertensive kidney disease is a medical condition referring to damage to the kidney due to chronic high blood pressure.
Optic atrophy	Optic neuropathy is damage to the optic nerve from any cause.
Ketosis	Ketosis is a metabolic state characterized by elevated levels of ketone bodies in the blood.
Hepatic necrosis	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Sweat gland disorder	Sweat glands, also known as sudoriferous or sudoriparous glands, from Latin  sudor, meaning 'sweat', are small tubular structures of the skin that produce sweat.
Fumbling	Fumbling
Coarctation of the aorta	Coarctation of the aorta (CoA or CoAo), also called aortic narrowing, is a congenital condition whereby the aorta is narrow, usually in the area where the ductus arteriosus (ligamentum arteriosum after regression) inserts.
Epidermal naevus	"Epidermal nevus syndrome (also known as ""Feuerstein and Mims syndrome"", and ""Solomon's syndrome"") is a rare disease that was first described in 1968 and consists of extensive epidermal nevi with abnormalities of the central nervous system (CNS), skeleton, skin, cardiovascular system, genitourinary system and eyes."
Fibrinolysis increased	Fibrinolysis is a process that prevents blood clots from growing and becoming problematic.
Scotoma	A scotoma is an area of partial alteration in the field of vision consisting of a partially diminished or entirely degenerated visual acuity that is surrounded by a field of normal – or relatively well-preserved – vision.
Testis cancer	Testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles, a part of the male reproductive system.
Night blindness	Nyctalopia ( from Greek  νύκτ- (nykt-), meaning 'night',  ἀλαός (alaos), meaning 'blind, not seeing', and  ὄψ (ops), meaning 'eye'), also called night-blindness, is a condition making it difficult or impossible to see in relatively low light.
Coombs indirect test positive	Coombs indirect test positive
Vasospasm	Vasospasm refers to a condition in which an arterial spasm leads to vasoconstriction.
Hyperglobulinaemia	Hyperglobulinaemia
Glomerulonephritis focal	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Synostosis	Synostosis (plural: synostoses) is fusion of two bones.
Congenital megacolon	Hirschsprung's disease (HD or HSCR) is a birth defect in which nerves are missing from parts of the intestine.
Encephalitis toxic	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Retinal pigmentation	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Tachypnoea	Tachypnea is abnormally rapid breathing.
Sinus bradycardia	Sinus bradycardia is a sinus rhythm with a rate that is lower than normal.
Dysphasia	Aphasia is an inability to comprehend or formulate language because of damage to specific brain regions.
Uterine rupture	Uterine rupture is a when the muscular wall of the uterus tears during pregnancy or childbirth.
Bronchostenosis	Bronchostenosis
Lymph node fibrosis	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Blood thrombin increased	Blood thrombin increased
Hypotonic urinary bladder	Hypotonic urinary bladder
Foetal cystic hygroma	Foetal cystic hygroma
Histiocytic necrotising lymphadenitis	Histiocytic necrotising lymphadenitis
Rash scarlatiniform	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Schizophreniform disorder	Schizophreniform disorder is a mental disorder diagnosed when symptoms of schizophrenia are present for a significant portion of the time at least a month, but signs of disturbance are present not for the full six months required for the diagnosis of schizophrenia.
Hepatitis toxic	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Neurofibromatosis	Neurofibromatosis (NF) is a group of three conditions in which tumors grow in the nervous system.
Corneal erosion	Recurrent corneal erosion is a disorder of the eyes characterized by the failure of the cornea's outermost layer of epithelial cells to attach to the underlying basement membrane (Bowman's layer).
Gouty arthritis	Gout is a form of inflammatory arthritis characterized by recurrent attacks of a red, tender, hot, and swollen joint.
Phobia	A phobia is a type of anxiety disorder, defined by a persistent and excessive fear of an object or situation.
Periodontal disease	Periodontal disease, also known as gum disease, is a set of inflammatory conditions affecting the tissues surrounding the teeth.
CSF myelin basic protein	CSF myelin basic protein
Myokymia	Myokymia is an involuntary, spontaneous, localized quivering  of a few muscles, or bundles within a muscle, but which are insufficient to move a joint.
Blood copper	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Foetal monitoring	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Oxygen consumption decreased	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Aspartate aminotransferase decreased	Aspartate transaminase (AST) or aspartate aminotransferase, also known as AspAT/ASAT/AAT or (serum) glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT, SGOT), is a pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.1) that was first described by Arthur Karmen and colleagues in 1954.
Enteritis infectious	Enteritis is inflammation of the small intestine.
Blood pyruvic acid	Blood pyruvic acid
Carboxyhaemoglobin	Carboxyhemoglobin or carboxyhaemoglobin (symbol COHb or HbCO) is a stable complex of carbon monoxide and hemoglobin (Hb) that forms in red blood cells upon contact with carbon monoxide (CO).
Otitis media chronic	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Blood bilirubin abnormal	Blood bilirubin abnormal
Burnout syndrome	According to the World Health Organization (WHO), occupational burnout  is a syndrome (group of symptoms that co-occur)  linked to long-term, unresolved, work-related stress.
Left ventricular failure	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Scan brain	Scan brain
Bone density decreased	Bone density, or bone mineral density (BMD), is the amount of bone mineral in bone tissue.
Eye infection toxoplasmal	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Prurigo	Prurigo is an itchy eruption of the skin.
Ultrasound testes	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Congenital fibrosarcoma	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Temporal lobe epilepsy	Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is a chronic disorder of the nervous system characterized by recurrent, unprovoked focal seizures that originate in the temporal lobe of the brain and last about one or two minutes.
Rheumatoid factor	Rheumatoid factor (RF) is the autoantibody that was first found in rheumatoid arthritis.
Mucosa vesicle	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
CSF bacteria identified	CSF bacteria identified
Laparoscopy abnormal	Laparoscopy (from Ancient Greek  λαπάρα (lapara), meaning 'flank, side', and  σκοπέω (skopeo), meaning 'to see') invented by George Kelling in 1901, in Germany, is an operation performed in the abdomen or pelvis using small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) with the aid of a camera.
Electronystagmogram	Electronystagmography (ENG) is a diagnostic test to record involuntary movements of the eye caused by a condition known as nystagmus.
Infantile asthma	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Foetal damage	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Enthesopathy	An enthesopathy refers to a disorder involving the attachment of a tendon or ligament to a bone.
DiGeorge's syndrome	DiGeorge syndrome, also known as 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, is a syndrome caused by the deletion of a small segment of chromosome 22.
Visceroptosis	Visceroptosis is a prolapse or a sinking of the abdominal viscera (internal organs) below their natural position.
Iris haemorrhage	Iris haemorrhage
X-ray abnormal	X-rays make up X-radiation, a form of high-energy electromagnetic radiation.
Septic shock	Septic shock is a potentially fatal medical condition that occurs when sepsis, which is organ injury or damage in response to infection, leads to dangerously low blood pressure and abnormalities in cellular metabolism.
Rabies	Rabies is a viral disease that causes inflammation of the brain in humans and other mammals.
Prothrombin time ratio decreased	Prothrombin time ratio decreased
Aortic valve disease	The aortic valve is a valve in the human heart between the left ventricle and the aorta.
Pseudomonal sepsis	Pseudomonas is a genus of Gram-negative,  Gammaproteobacteria, belonging to the family Pseudomonadaceae and containing 191 validly described species.
Visual acuity tests	Visual acuity (VA) commonly refers to the clarity of vision.
Fibrocystic breast disease	Fibrocystic breast changes is a condition of the breasts where there may be pain, breast cysts, and breast masses.
Urine bilirubin increased	Urine bilirubin increased
CSF bacteria test	CSF bacteria test
Plasma viscosity	Plasma viscosity
Hydrophobia	Aquaphobia (from Latin  aqua, meaning 'water', and Ancient Greek  φόβος (phóbos), meaning 'fear') is an irrational fear of water.
Body mass index decreased	Body mass index (BMI) is a value derived from the mass (weight) and height of a person.
Mucosal haemorrhage	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Peroneal muscular atrophy	Charcot–Marie–Tooth disease (CMT) is one of the hereditary motor and sensory neuropathies of the peripheral nervous system characterized by progressive loss of muscle tissue and touch sensation across various parts of the body.
Pituitary tumour benign	Pituitary adenomas are tumors that occur in the pituitary gland.
Urine human chorionic gonadotropin positive	Urine human chorionic gonadotropin positive
Suffocation feeling	Asphyxia or asphyxiation is a condition of  deficient supply of oxygen to the body that arises from abnormal breathing.
Electrocardiogram ambulatory normal	Electrocardiogram ambulatory normal
Complement factor C3 increased	Complement factor C3 increased
Abstains from alcohol	Abstains from alcohol
Cervical laser therapy	Cervical laser therapy
Pertussis identification test positive	Pertussis identification test positive
Spinal myelogram normal	Spinal myelogram normal
Sacroiliitis	Sacroiliitis is inflammation within the sacroiliac joint.
Pelvic venous thrombosis	Pelvic venous thrombosis
Antiendomysial antibody positive	Antiendomysial antibody positive
Hand deformity	A hand deformity is a disorder of the hand that can be congenital or acquired.
Nerve stimulation test	"Neuromodulation is ""the alteration of nerve activity through targeted delivery of a stimulus, such as electrical stimulation or chemical agents, to specific neurological sites in the body""."
Drug resistance	Drug resistance is the reduction in effectiveness of a medication such as an antimicrobial or an antineoplastic in treating a disease or condition.
Alpha 2 globulin normal	Alpha 2 globulin normal
Gastrectomy	A gastrectomy is a partial or total surgical removal of the stomach.
Colour vision tests abnormal	Colour vision tests abnormal
Exeresis	Exeresis may refer to the surgical removal of any part or organ, roughly synonymous to excision.
Electronystagmogram normal	Electronystagmography (ENG) is a diagnostic test to record involuntary movements of the eye caused by a condition known as nystagmus.
Uterine cervix ulcer	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
Shigella infection	Shigella () is a genus of Gram-negative, facultative aerobic, non-spore-forming, nonmotile, rod-shaped bacteria genetically closely related to E. coli.
Myoglobinuria	Myoglobinuria is the presence of myoglobin in the urine, usually associated with rhabdomyolysis or muscle destruction.
Ileostomy	Ileostomy is a stoma (surgical opening) constructed by bringing the end or loop of small intestine (the ileum) out onto the surface of the skin, or the surgical procedure which creates this opening.
Congenital herpes simplex infection	Herpes simplex virus 1 and 2 (HSV-1 and HSV-2), also known by their taxonomical names Human alphaherpesvirus 1 and Human alphaherpesvirus 2, are two members of the human Herpesviridae family, a set of viruses that produce viral infections in the majority of humans.
Hemianopia homonymous	Hemianopsia, or hemianopia, is a less vision or blindness (anopsia) in half the visual field, usually on one side of the vertical midline.
Soft tissue inflammation	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Red blood cell count	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Blood luteinising hormone normal	Blood luteinising hormone normal
Ultrasound abdomen abnormal	Ultrasound abdomen abnormal
Superinfection bacterial	A superinfection is a second infection superimposed on an earlier one, especially by a different microbial agent of exogenous or endogenous origin, that is resistant to the treatment being used against the first infection.
Glossopharyngeal neuralgia	"Neuralgia (Greek neuron, ""nerve"" + algos, ""pain"") is pain in the distribution of a nerve or nerves, as in intercostal neuralgia, trigeminal neuralgia, and glossopharyngeal neuralgia."
Trigeminal nerve disorder	The trigeminal nerve (the fifth cranial nerve, or simply CN V) is a nerve responsible for sensation in the face and motor functions such as biting and chewing; it is the largest of the cranial nerves.
Obsessive thoughts	Obsessive thoughts
Ear irrigation	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Pathology test	Pathology is the study of the causes and effects of disease or injury.
HIV antibody positive	The human immunodeficiency viruses (HIV) are two species of Lentivirus (a subgroup of retrovirus) that causes HIV infection and over time acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
PO2 normal	Petty officer, 2nd class, AKA PO2, is a Naval non-commissioned member rank of the Canadian Forces.
Liver injury	A liver injury, also known as liver laceration, is some form of trauma sustained to the liver.
Stool analysis abnormal	Stool analysis abnormal
Pseudomembranous colitis	Colitis is an inflammation of the colon.
Tonsillar disorder	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Virus stool test positive	Virus stool test positive
Oxygen consumption increased	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Dermatofibrosarcoma	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) is a rare tumor of the dermis layer of the skin, and is classified as a sarcoma.
Post streptococcal glomerulonephritis	Acute proliferative glomerulonephritis is a disorder of the glomeruli (glomerulonephritis), or small blood vessels in the kidneys.
Middle ear inflammation	The middle ear is the portion of the ear internal to the eardrum, and external to the oval window of the inner ear.
Smear cervix normal	Smear cervix normal
Feeling of relaxation	Feeling of relaxation
Blast cells present	In cell biology, a precursor cell, also called a blast cell or simply blast, is a partially differentiated cell, usually referred to as a unipotent cell that has lost most of its stem cell properties.
Pyothorax	Pleural empyema is a collection of pus in the pleural cavity caused by microorganisms, usually bacteria.
Pharyngeal haemorrhage	Pharyngeal haemorrhage
Coagulation factor VIII level normal	Coagulation factor VIII level normal
Blood bilirubin unconjugated increased	Blood bilirubin unconjugated increased
Premature rupture of membranes	Prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM), previously known as premature rupture of membranes, is breakage of the amniotic sac before the onset of labor.
Porencephaly	Porencephaly is an extremely rare cephalic disorder involving encephalomalacia.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy	Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a condition in which a portion of the heart becomes thickened without an obvious cause.
Cystic lymphangioma	Lymphangiomas are malformations of the lymphatic system characterized by lesions that are thin-walled cysts; these cysts can be macroscopic, as in a cystic hygroma, or microscopic.
Peritonitis pneumococcal	Peritonitis is inflammation of the peritoneum, the lining of the inner wall of the abdomen and cover of the abdominal organs.
Gastrointestinal examination normal	Gastrointestinal examination normal
Malnutrition	Malnutrition is a condition that results from eating a diet in which one or more nutrients are either not enough or are too much such that the diet causes health problems.
Ultrasound liver normal	Ultrasound liver normal
Poliovirus serology positive	Poliovirus serology positive
Threatened labour	Threatened species are any species (including animals, plants, fungi, etc.)
Mediastinal mass	A mediastinal tumor is a tumor in the mediastinum, the cavity that separates the lungs from the rest of the chest.
Mediastinum neoplasm	"The mediastinum (from Medieval Latin mediastinus, ""midway"") is the central compartment of the thoracic cavity surrounded by loose connective tissue, as an undelineated region that contains a group of structures within the thorax."
Haemorrhagic cyst	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Cows milk free diet	Cows milk free diet
Pregnancy on oral contraceptive	Pregnancy on oral contraceptive
Enteral nutrition	Enteral administration is food or drug administration via the human gastrointestinal tract.
Extraskeletal ossification	Extraskeletal ossification
Blood elastase decreased	Blood elastase decreased
Jaw fracture	Mandibular fracture, also known as fracture of the jaw, is a break through the mandibular bone.
Staphylococcal identification test positive	Staphylococcal identification test positive
Aortic dissection	Aortic dissection (AD) occurs when an injury to the innermost layer of the aorta allows blood to flow between the layers of the aortic wall, forcing the layers apart.
Rotavirus test	Rotavirus is a genus of double-stranded RNA viruses in the family Reoviridae.
Salmonella sepsis	Salmonella is a genus of rod-shaped (bacillus) Gram-negative bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Duodenitis haemorrhagic	Duodenitis is inflammation of the duodenum.
Postictal paralysis	The postictal state is the altered state of consciousness after an epileptic seizure.
Urticaria aquagenic	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Femur fracture	A femoral fracture is a bone fracture that involves the femur.
Hair metal test abnormal	Hair metal test abnormal
Soft tissue atrophy	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
DNA test for fragile X	DNA test for fragile X
Rash follicular	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Laryngeal disorder	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Retinogram normal	A retinal scan is a biometric technique that uses unique patterns on a person's retina blood vessels.
Sputum culture positive	A sputum culture is a test to detect and identify bacteria or fungi that infect the lungs or breathing passages.
Staphylococcal abscess	Staphylococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae in the order Bacillales.
Cat scratch disease	Cat-scratch disease (CSD) is an infectious disease that results from a scratch or bite of a cat.
Alpha 1 microglobulin urine	Alpha 1 microglobulin urine
Spirometry abnormal	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Head circumference abnormal	In human anatomy, the head is at the top of the human body.
Macrophage activation	Macrophages (Greek: big eaters, from Greek μακρός (makrós) = large, φαγεῖν (phagein) = to eat) are a type of white blood cell, of the immune system, that engulfs and digests cellular debris, foreign substances, microbes, cancer cells, and anything else that does not have the type of proteins specific to healthy body cells on its surface in a process called phagocytosis.
Head deformity	A head is the part of an organism which usually includes the ears, brain, forehead, cheeks, chin, eyes, nose, and mouth, each of which aid in various sensory functions such as sight, hearing, smell, and taste, respectively.
Rheumatoid factor negative	Rheumatoid factor (RF) is the autoantibody that was first found in rheumatoid arthritis.
Cardiovascular autonomic function test normal	Cardiovascular autonomic function test normal
Pilonidal cyst congenital	Pilonidal disease is a type of skin infection which typically occurs as a cyst between the cheeks of the buttocks and often at the upper end.
Coombs direct test	Coombs direct test
Viral test negative	Viral test negative
Haemorrhagic urticaria	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Platelet aggregation abnormal	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Pulmonary artery thrombosis	A pulmonary artery is an artery in the pulmonary circulation that carries deoxygenated blood from the right side of the heart to the lungs.
Psychiatric symptom	Psychiatry is the medical specialty devoted to the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of mental disorders.
Electrocardiogram ST segment normal	Electrocardiogram ST segment normal
Foetal heart rate decreased	Foetal heart rate decreased
Staphylococcal sepsis	Staphylococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae in the order Bacillales.
Neonatal infection	Neonatal infections are infections of the neonate (newborn) acquired during prenatal development or in the first four weeks of life (neonatal period).
Complement factor C4 decreased	Complement factor C4 decreased
Amimia	Amimia
Bronchopulmonary disease	Bronchopulmonary disease
Viral test positive	Viral test positive
Pyelocaliectasis	Pyelocaliectasis
Gene mutation identification test	Gene mutation identification test
Congenital cytomegalovirus infection	Congenital cytomegalovirus infection refers to a condition where cytomegalovirus is transmitted in the prenatal period.
Congenital myopia	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Hyperbilirubinaemia neonatal	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Acne pustular	Acne, also known as acne vulgaris, is a long-term skin disease that occurs when hair follicles are clogged with dead skin cells and oil from the skin.
Enterobacter infection	Enterobacter is a genus of common Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Cervix oedema	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
Umbilical hernia	An umbilical hernia is a health condition where the abdominal wall behind the navel is damaged.
Vaccination site oedema	Vaccination site oedema
Myringotomy	A myringotomy, sometimes called by other names, is a surgical procedure in which a tiny incision is created in the eardrum (tympanic membrane) to relieve pressure caused by excessive buildup of fluid, or to drain pus from the middle ear.
Haematocrit abnormal	The hematocrit () (Ht or HCT), also known by several other names, is a blood test that measures the volume percentage (vol%) of red blood cells (RBC) in blood.
Laparotomy	A laparotomy is a surgical procedure involving a large incision through the abdominal wall to gain access into the abdominal cavity.
Androgenetic alopecia	Pattern hair loss is hair loss that primarily affects the top and front of the scalp.
Lumbosacral plexus injury	The anterior divisions of the lumbar nerves, sacral nerves, and coccygeal nerve form the lumbosacral plexus, the first lumbar nerve being frequently joined by a branch from the twelfth thoracic.
Hereditary disorder	A genetic disorder is a genetic problem caused by one or more abnormalities formed in the genome.
Lymphocyte count normal	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Disease progression	A disease is a particular abnormal condition that negatively affects the structure or function of part or all of an organism, and that is not due to any external injury.
Diffuse axonal injury	Diffuse axonal injury (DAI) is a brain injury in which scattered lesions in white matter tracts as well as gray matter occur over a widespread area.
Blood aluminium abnormal	Blood aluminium abnormal
Impulse-control disorder	Impulse-control disorder (ICD) is a class of psychiatric disorders characterized by impulsivity – failure to resist a temptation, an urge, an impulse, or the inability to not speak on a thought.
Krabbe's disease	Krabbe disease (KD) (also known as globoid cell leukodystrophy or galactosylceramide lipidosis) is a rare and often fatal lysosomal storage disease that results in progressive damage to the nervous system.
Evacuation of retained products of conception	Dilation and evacuation (D&E) is the dilation of the cervix and surgical evacuation of the uterus (potentially including the fetus, placenta and other tissue) after the first trimester of pregnancy.
Pyramidal tract syndrome	The pyramidal tracts include both the corticobulbar tract and the corticospinal tract.
Joint warmth	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Pyoderma gangrenosum	Pyoderma gangrenosum is a rare, inflammatory skin disease where painful pustules or nodules become ulcers that progressively grow.
Cardiac procedure complication	Cardiac procedure complication
Electrocauterisation	Electrocauterisation
Acupressure	Acupressure is an alternative medicine technique similar in principle to acupuncture.
Oculogyric crisis	Oculogyric crisis (OGC) is the name of a dystonic reaction to certain drugs or medical conditions characterized by a prolonged involuntary upward deviation of the eyes.
Hepatitis B e antigen	Hepatitis B e antigen
Parasitic test	In evolutionary biology, parasitism is a relationship between species, where one organism, the parasite, lives on or in another organism, the host, causing it some harm, and is adapted structurally to this way of life.
Lung neoplasm	Lung cancer, also known as lung carcinoma, is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung.
Blood pH increased	Acid–base homeostasis is the homeostatic regulation of the pH of the body's extracellular fluid (ECF).
Benign neoplasm of spinal cord	Benign neoplasm of spinal cord
Viral pharyngitis	Pharyngitis is inflammation of the back of the throat, known as the pharynx.
Postmenopausal haemorrhage	Menopause, also known as the climacteric, is the time in most women's lives when menstrual periods stop permanently, and they are no longer able to bear children.
Bacterial abscess central nervous system	Bacterial abscess central nervous system
Elbow deformity	The elbow is the visible joint between the upper and lower parts of the arm.
Laparoscopy	Laparoscopy (from Ancient Greek  λαπάρα (lapara), meaning 'flank, side', and  σκοπέω (skopeo), meaning 'to see') invented by George Kelling in 1901, in Germany, is an operation performed in the abdomen or pelvis using small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) with the aid of a camera.
Wound haemorrhage	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Central nervous system lymphoma	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Uterine dilation and curettage	Uterine dilation and curettage
Electrooculogram normal	Electrooculography (EOG) is a technique for measuring the corneo-retinal standing potential that exists between the front and the back of the human eye.
Androgens normal	"An androgen (from Greek andr-, the stem of the word meaning ""man"") is any natural or synthetic steroid hormone that regulates the development and maintenance of male characteristics in vertebrates by binding to androgen receptors."
Cyst drainage	A cyst is a closed sac, having a distinct membrane and division compared with the nearby tissue.
Vaccination site haemorrhage	Vaccination site haemorrhage
Implantable defibrillator insertion	Implantable defibrillator insertion
Wart excision	Warts are typically small, rough, hard growths that are similar in color to the rest of the skin.
CSF volume increased	CSF volume increased
Mycoplasma test positive	Mycoplasma test positive
Amaurotic familial idiocy	Tay–Sachs disease is a genetic disorder that results in the destruction of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord.
Nail operation	Nail operation
Congenital pulmonary artery anomaly	Congenital pulmonary artery anomaly
Partial seizures with secondary generalisation	Partial seizures with secondary generalisation
Emotional poverty	Emotion is a mental state associated with the nervous system brought on by chemical changes variously associated with thoughts, feelings, behavioural responses, and a degree of pleasure or displeasure.
Blood cortisol increased	Blood cortisol increased
Lymphocytic infiltration	Cutaneous lymphoid hyperplasia refers to a groups of benign cutaneous disorders characterized by collections of lymphocytes, macrophages, and dendritic cells in the skin.
Amniotic cavity disorder	The amniotic sac, commonly called the bag of waters, sometimes the membranes, is the sac in which the fetus develops in amniotes.
Premature delivery	Preterm birth, also known as premature birth, is the birth of a baby at fewer than 37 weeks' gestational age, as opposed to the usual about 40 weeks.
Neurological decompensation	"Neurology (from Greek: νεῦρον (neûron), ""string, nerve"" and the suffix -logia, ""study of"") is a branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the nervous system."
Troponin increased	Troponin, or the troponin complex, is a complex of three regulatory proteins (troponin C, troponin I, and troponin T) that is integral to muscle contraction in skeletal muscle and cardiac muscle, but not smooth muscle.
Intravascular haemolysis	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Microbiology test abnormal	Microbiology test abnormal
Fundoscopy normal	Ophthalmoscopy, also called funduscopy, is a test that allows a health professional to see inside the fundus of the eye and other structures using an ophthalmoscope (or funduscope).
Injection site joint warmth	Injection site joint warmth
Blood beryllium	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Implant site reaction	Implant site reaction
Occult blood	Fecal occult blood (FOB) refers to blood in the feces that is not visibly apparent (unlike other types of blood in stool such as melena or hematochezia).
Hernia repair	Hernia repair refers to a surgical operation for the correction of a hernia—a bulging of internal organs or tissues through the wall that contains it.
Homeopathy	Homeopathy or homœopathy is a pseudoscientific system of alternative medicine.
Myosclerosis	Myosclerosis
Liver operation	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Gastric perforation	Gastrointestinal perforation, also known as ruptured bowel, is a hole in the wall of part of the gastrointestinal tract.
Pregnancy on contraceptive	Pregnancy on contraceptive
Stool analysis	Stool analysis
Candida test positive	Candida test positive
Stool analysis normal	Stool analysis normal
Obstruction gastric	Obstruction gastric
Coombs direct test negative	Coombs direct test negative
Gastric operation	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Intra-abdominal haemorrhage	Intra-abdominal haemorrhage
Cor triatriatum	Cor triatriatum (or triatrial heart) is a congenital heart defect where the left atrium (cor triatriatum sinistrum) or right atrium (cor triatriatum dextrum) is subdivided by a thin membrane, resulting in three atrial chambers (hence the name).
Ulnar neuritis	The ulna is a long bone found in the forearm that stretches from the elbow to the smallest finger, and when in anatomical position, is found on the medial side of the forearm.
Fibroma	Fibromas are benign  tumors that are composed of fibrous or connective tissue.
Erythrocyanosis	Erythrocyanosis crurum is a skin condition, a variant  of acrocyanosis caused by chronic exposure to cold.
Ovarian haemorrhage	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Acanthoma	An acanthoma is a skin neoplasm composed of squamous or epidermal cells.
Brucella test negative	Brucella test negative
Foetal monitoring abnormal	Foetal monitoring abnormal
Ovarian enlargement	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Mastoid operation	The mastoid part of the temporal bone is the back part of the temporal bone.
Neuro-ophthalmological test abnormal	Neuro-ophthalmological test abnormal
Empyema drainage	An empyema is a collection or gathering of pus within a naturally existing anatomical cavity.
Malaria	Malaria is a mosquito-borne infectious disease that affects humans and other animals.
Laparoscopic surgery	Laparoscopy (from Ancient Greek  λαπάρα (lapara), meaning 'flank, side', and  σκοπέω (skopeo), meaning 'to see') invented by George Kelling in 1901, in Germany, is an operation performed in the abdomen or pelvis using small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) with the aid of a camera.
Dermatologic examination normal	Dermatologic examination normal
Electrophoresis protein normal	Electrophoresis protein normal
Gingival infection	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Gastrointestinal hypermotility	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibody decreased	Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies (ANCAs) are a group of autoantibodies, mainly of the IgG type, against antigens in the cytoplasm of neutrophil granulocytes (the most common type of white blood cell) and monocytes.
Smear buccal abnormal	Smear buccal abnormal
Gastroenteritis bacterial	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Glomerulonephritis rapidly progressive	Glomerulonephritis rapidly progressive
Phobia of flying	Fear of flying is a fear of being on an aeroplane, or other flying vehicle, such as a helicopter, while in flight.
Pulmonary function challenge test abnormal	Pulmonary function challenge test abnormal
Selective abortion	Sex-selective abortion is the practice of terminating a pregnancy based upon the predicted sex of the infant.
Coagulation factor level normal	Coagulation factor level normal
Ultrasound antenatal screen normal	Ultrasound antenatal screen normal
Skin sensitisation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
CD8 lymphocytes decreased	CD8 lymphocytes decreased
Systemic sclerosis	Systemic scleroderma, or systemic sclerosis, is an autoimmune rheumatic disease characterised by excessive production and accumulation of collagen, called fibrosis, in the skin and internal organs  and by injuries to small arteries.
Foetal malformation	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Agonal rhythm	In medicine, an agonal heart rhythm is a variant of asystole.
Crush injury	A crush injury is injury by an object that causes compression of the body.
Hyperkeratosis palmaris and plantaris	Hyperkeratosis palmaris and plantaris
Human papilloma virus test	Human papillomavirus infection (HPV infection) is an infection caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV).
Sudden onset of sleep	Sudden onset of sleep
Cerebral dysgenesis	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Cerebral microangiopathy	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Nasoendoscopy	In speech pathology and medicine, nasoendoscopy is the endoscopic examination of the velopharynx, or  the nose, often with a CCD camera or a fiber optic camera on a flexible tube passed through the nostril.
Transmission of an infectious agent via a medicinal product	Transmission of an infectious agent via a medicinal product
Enterovirus test negative	Enterovirus test negative
Disease complication	A disease is a particular abnormal condition that negatively affects the structure or function of part or all of an organism, and that is not due to any external injury.
Neurological infection	"Neurology (from Greek: νεῦρον (neûron), ""string, nerve"" and the suffix -logia, ""study of"") is a branch of medicine dealing with disorders of the nervous system."
Anti-SS-B antibody negative	Anti-SS-B antibody negative
Osteomyelitis acute	Osteomyelitis (OM) is an infection of bone.
Subileus	Ileus is a disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the intestine due to the malfunction of peristalsis.
CD8 lymphocytes	CD8 (cluster of differentiation 8) is a transmembrane glycoprotein that serves as a co-receptor for the T cell receptor (TCR).
CD8 lymphocytes increased	CD8 lymphocytes increased
Lymphocyte percentage decreased	Lymphocyte percentage decreased
Placental transfusion syndrome	Placental transfusion syndrome
Electrocardiogram ST-T change	Electrocardiogram ST-T change
Positron emission tomogram abnormal	Positron emission tomogram abnormal
Parvovirus B19 test positive	Parvovirus B19 test positive
Biopsy pharynx abnormal	Biopsy pharynx abnormal
Bile duct stone	A bile duct is any of a number of long tube-like structures that carry bile, and is present in most vertebrates.
Blood uric acid abnormal	Blood uric acid abnormal
Cervical spine flattening	In tetrapods, cervical vertebrae (singular: vertebra) are the vertebrae of the neck, immediately below the skull.
Ultrasound liver abnormal	Ultrasound liver abnormal
Helicobacter test negative	Helicobacter test negative
Laryngeal inflammation	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Coagulation factor deficiency	Coagulation, also known as clotting, is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a blood clot.
Cervix operation	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
Ovarian operation	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Lymphadenopathy mediastinal	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size or consistency.
Elevated mood	An elevated railway (also known as an El rail, El train or simply an El for short, and, in Europe, as an overhead railway) is a rapid transit railway with the tracks above street level on a viaduct or other elevated structure (usually constructed from steel, cast iron, concrete, or brick).
Medulloblastoma	Medulloblastoma is the most common type of primary brain cancer in children.
Bone marrow myelogram	Bone marrow is a semi-solid tissue which may be found within the spongy or cancellous portions of bones.
Hip dysplasia	Hip dysplasia is an abnormality of the hip joint where the socket portion does not fully cover the ball portion, resulting in an increased risk for joint dislocation.
Idiopathic generalised epilepsy	Idiopathic generalised epilepsy
Trisomy 21	Down syndrome (DS or DNS), also known as trisomy 21, is a genetic disorder caused by the presence of all or part of a third copy of chromosome 21.
Hypoperfusion	Shock is the state of insufficient blood flow to the tissues of the body as a result of problems with the circulatory system.
Plagiocephaly	Plagiocephaly, also known as flat head syndrome, is a condition characterized by an asymmetrical distortion (flattening of one side) of the skull.
Macrocephaly	Macrocephaly is a condition in which the human head is abnormally large; this includes the scalp, the cranial bone, and the contents of the cranium.
Angelman's syndrome	Angelman syndrome (AS) is a genetic disorder that mainly affects the nervous system.
Bone tuberculosis	Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease usually caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) bacteria.
Biopsy heart normal	Biopsy heart normal
Urine sodium decreased	Urine sodium is a measurement of the concentration of sodium in the urine.
Ileostomy closure	Ileostomy is a stoma (surgical opening) constructed by bringing the end or loop of small intestine (the ileum) out onto the surface of the skin, or the surgical procedure which creates this opening.
Scan with contrast abnormal	Scan with contrast abnormal
Large intestinal haemorrhage	Large intestinal haemorrhage
Basilar artery occlusion	The basilar artery is one of the arteries that supplies the brain with oxygen-rich blood.
Biopsy lung normal	Biopsy lung normal
Corynebacterium test	Corynebacterium () is a genus of bacteria that are Gram-positive and aerobic.
Detachment of macular retinal pigment epithelium	Detachment of macular retinal pigment epithelium
Iodine uptake abnormal	Iodine uptake abnormal
Blood bilirubin unconjugated	Blood bilirubin unconjugated
Dwarfism	Dwarfism, also known as short stature, occurs when an organism is extremely small.
Lacunar infarction	Lacunar stroke or lacunar infarct (LACI) is the most common type of ischaemic stroke, and results from the occlusion of small penetrating arteries that provide blood to the brain's deep structures.
Factor VII deficiency	Factor VII deficiency is a bleeding disorder characterized by a lack in the production of Factor VII (FVII) (proconvertin), a protein that causes blood to clot in the coagulation cascade.
Myoglobin blood increased	Myoglobin blood increased
Application site anaesthesia	Application site anaesthesia
Endoscopy gastrointestinal normal	Endoscopy gastrointestinal normal
Glomerulonephropathy	Glomerulonephropathy
Cephalo-pelvic disproportion	Cephalo-pelvic disproportion exists when the capacity of the pelvis is inadequate to allow the fetus to negotiate the birth canal.
Application site induration	Application site induration
Dermatitis herpetiformis	Dermatitis herpetiformis (DH) is a chronic autoimmune blistering skin condition, characterised by blisters filled with a watery fluid that is intensely itchy.
Palliative care	Palliative care is an interdisciplinary approach to specialized medical and nursing care for people with chronic conditions.
Colonic stenosis	Colon cleansing (also known as colon therapy) encompasses a number of alternative medical therapies claimed to remove nonspecific toxins from the colon and intestinal tract by removing any accumulations of feces.
Meningitis tuberculous	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Calcification of muscle	Calcification of muscle
Myopia	Near-sightedness, also known as short-sightedness and myopia, is an eye disorder where light focuses in front of, instead of on, the retina.
Blood triglycerides normal	Blood triglycerides normal
International normalised ratio normal	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Bone marrow tumour cell infiltration	Bone marrow tumour cell infiltration
Myringitis	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Indifference	Indifference
Interleukin level increased	Interleukin level increased
Increased viscosity of nasal secretion	Increased viscosity of nasal secretion
Blastocystis infection	Blastocystis is a genus of single-celled heterokont parasites belonging to a group of organisms that are known as the Stramenopiles (also called Heterokonts) that includes algae, diatoms, and water molds.
Peripheral sensorimotor neuropathy	Peripheral sensorimotor neuropathy
White blood cells urine positive	White blood cells urine positive
Vulvovaginal candidiasis	Vaginal yeast infection, also known as candidal vulvovaginitis and vaginal thrush, is excessive growth of yeast in the vagina that results in irritation.
Bladder neoplasm	Bladder cancer is any of several types of cancer arising from the tissues of the urinary bladder.
Protein-losing gastroenteropathy	Protein-losing gastroenteropathy
Gastric polyps	Fundic gland polyposis is a medical syndrome where the fundus and the body of the stomach develop many polyps.
Self injurious behaviour	Self-harm, also known as self-injury, is defined as the intentional, direct injuring of body tissue, done without the intent to commit suicide.
Cytology normal	"Cell biology (also called cytology, from the Greek κύτος, kytos, ""vessel"") is a branch of biology that studies the structure and function of the cell, which is the basic unit of life."
Coagulation factor	Coagulation, also known as clotting, is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a blood clot.
Gynaecological examination normal	Gynaecological examination normal
PO2 decreased	Petty officer, 2nd class, AKA PO2, is a Naval non-commissioned member rank of the Canadian Forces.
Lymphocyte count	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Blood 25-hydroxycholecalciferol decreased	Blood 25-hydroxycholecalciferol decreased
Adenomatous polyposis coli	Adenomatous polyposis coli (APC) also known as deleted in polyposis 2.5 (DP2.5) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APC gene.
CSF lactate	CSF lactate
Biopsy colon normal	Biopsy colon normal
Immunohistochemistry	Immunohistochemistry (IHC) is the most common application of immunostaining.
Corneal exfoliation	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Blood antidiuretic hormone decreased	Blood antidiuretic hormone decreased
Pancreas islet cell transplant	Pancreas islet cell transplant
X-ray normal	X-rays make up X-radiation, a form of high-energy electromagnetic radiation.
Treatment failure	Treatment failure
Protein urine present	Protein urine present
Enterobacter test positive	Enterobacter test positive
Chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyelitis	"Chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyelitis (CRMO) (""multifocal"" because it can erupt in different sites, primarily bones; ""osteomyelitis"" because it is very similar to that disease but appears to be without any infection), also known as chronic recurring multifocal osteomyelitis, is a rare condition (1:100,000), in which the bones have lesions, inflammation, and pain."
Stasis dermatitis	"Stasis dermatitis refers to the skin changes that occur in the leg as a result of ""stasis"" or blood pooling from insufficient venous return; the alternative name of varicose eczema comes from a common cause of this being varicose veins.Insufficient venous return results in increased pressure in the capillaries with the result that both fluid and cells may ""leak"" out of the capillaries."
Septic arthritis haemophilus	Septic arthritis, also known as joint infection or infectious arthritis, is the invasion of a joint by an infectious agent resulting in joint inflammation.
Neuromyelitis optica	Neuromyelitis optica (NMO) is a heterogeneous condition consisting of the inflammation and demyelination of the optic nerve (optic neuritis) and the spinal cord (myelitis).
Kaposi's varicelliform eruption	Eczema herpeticum is a rare but severe disseminated infection that generally occurs at sites of skin damage produced by, for example, atopic dermatitis, burns, long term usage of topical steroids or eczema.
Congenital adrenal gland hypoplasia	Congenital adrenal gland hypoplasia
Smear site unspecified abnormal	Smear site unspecified abnormal
Hypophysitis	Hypophysitis refers to an inflammation of the pituitary gland.
Hypertensive emergency	A hypertensive emergency is high blood pressure with potentially life-threatening symptoms and signs indicative of acute impairment of one or more organ systems (brain, eyes, heart, aorta, or kidneys).
Body height decreased	Human height or stature is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head in a human body, standing erect.
Sopor	Sopor is a condition of abnormally deep sleep or a stupor from which it is difficult to rouse.
Application site haematoma	Application site haematoma
Joint abscess	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Renal aplasia	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Vacuum extractor delivery	Vacuum extraction (VE), also known as ventouse, is a method to assist delivery of a baby using a vacuum device.
Extradural abscess	Extradural abscess
Beta 2 globulin	Neurogenic differentiation 1 (NeuroD1), also called β2, is a transcription factor of the NeuroD-type.
Blood 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Neuropsychological test	Neuropsychological tests are specifically designed tasks used to measure a psychological function known to be linked to a particular brain structure or pathway.
Coagulation factor V level increased	Coagulation factor V level increased
Cystogram normal	In radiology and urology, a cystography is a procedure used to visualise the urinary bladder.
Aortic valve replacement	Aortic valve replacement is a procedure whereby the failing aortic valve of a patient's heart is replaced with an artificial heart valve.
Tilt table test positive	A tilt table test (TTT), occasionally called upright tilt testing (UTT), is a medical procedure often used to diagnose dysautonomia or syncope.
Plasmapheresis	Plasmapheresis (from the Greek πλάσμα—plasma, something molded, and ἀφαίρεσις—aphairesis, taking away) is the removal, treatment, and return or exchange of blood plasma or components thereof from and to the blood circulation.
Dependent personality disorder	Dependent personality disorder (DPD) is a personality disorder that is characterized by a pervasive psychological dependence on other people.
Anti-NMDA antibody	Anti-NMDA antibody
Maternal exposure timing unspecified	Maternal exposure timing unspecified
Aspartate aminotransferase abnormal	Aspartate transaminase (AST) or aspartate aminotransferase, also known as AspAT/ASAT/AAT or (serum) glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase (GOT, SGOT), is a pyridoxal phosphate (PLP)-dependent transaminase enzyme (EC 2.6.1.1) that was first described by Arthur Karmen and colleagues in 1954.
Escherichia sepsis	Escherichia  is a genus of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria from the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Histology normal	"Histology,
also known as microscopic anatomy or microanatomy, is the branch of biology which studies the microscopic anatomy of biological  tissues."
Peak expiratory flow rate increased	The peak expiratory flow (PEF), also called peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), is a person's maximum speed of expiration, as measured with a peak flow meter, a small, hand-held device used to monitor a person's ability to breathe out air.
Biopsy bronchus	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
CSF granulocyte count	CSF granulocyte count
Ocular myasthenia	Ocular myasthenia gravis (MG) is a disease of the neuromuscular junction resulting in hallmark variability in muscle weakness and fatigability.
Feeding tube complication	A feeding tube is a medical device used to provide nutrition to people who cannot obtain nutrition by mouth, are unable to swallow safely, or need nutritional supplementation.
Thyroid operation	The thyroid gland, or simply the thyroid, is an endocrine gland in the neck, consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus.
Stab wound	A stab wound is a specific form of penetrating trauma to the skin that results from a knife or a similar pointed object.
Calcium ionised normal	Calcium ionised normal
Microcytic anaemia	Microcytic anaemia is any of several types of anaemia characterized by small red blood cells (called microcytes).
Hyperglycaemic seizure	Hyperglycaemic seizure
Apolipoprotein E abnormal	Apolipoprotein E (APOE) is a protein involved in the metabolism of fats in the body.
Anaphylactic transfusion reaction	Anaphylactic transfusion reaction
Chylothorax	A chylothorax is an accumulation of lymphatic fluid in the space surrounding the lung (pleural space).
Tracheitis	Tracheitis is an inflammation of the trachea.
Periventricular nodular heterotopia	Gray matter heterotopias are neurological disorders caused by clumps of gray matter (nodules of neurons) located in the wrong part of the brain.
Panophthalmitis	Panophthalmitis is the inflammation of all coats of the animal eye including intraocular structures.
Gene mutation identification test positive	Gene mutation identification test positive
Microembolism	An embolism is the lodging of an embolus, a blockage-causing piece of material, inside a blood vessel.
Walking disability	Walking (also known as ambulation) is one of the main gaits of locomotion among legged animals.
Gingival ulceration	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Laryngeal cancer	Laryngeal cancer are mostly squamous cell carcinomas, reflecting their origin from the skin of the larynx.
Temperature difference of extremities	Temperature difference of extremities
Subcutaneous emphysema	Subcutaneous emphysema (SCE, SE) is when gas or air is in the layer under the skin.
Ventilation/perfusion scan	A ventilation/perfusion lung scan, also called a V/Q lung scan, is a type of medical imaging using scintigraphy and medical isotopes to evaluate the circulation of air and blood within a patient's lungs, in order to determine the ventilation/perfusion ratio.
Primary immunodeficiency syndrome	Primary immunodeficiencies are disorders in which part of the body's immune system is missing or does not function normally.
Biopsy bone normal	Biopsy bone normal
IVth nerve paralysis	IVth nerve paralysis
Encephalopathy neonatal	"Encephalopathy (; from Ancient Greek: ἐνκέφαλος ""brain"" + πάθος ""suffering"") means any disorder or disease of the brain, especially chronic degenerative conditions."
Botulism	Botulism is a rare and potentially fatal illness caused by a toxin produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum.
Immune-mediated necrotising myopathy	Immune-mediated necrotising myopathy
Influenza B virus test	Influenza B virus is the only species in the genus Betainfluenzavirus in the virus family Orthomyxoviridae.
Cardiovascular function test	"Cardiovascular physiology is the study of the cardiovascular system, specifically addressing the physiology of the heart (""cardio"") and blood vessels (""vascular"")."
Renal function test abnormal	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Biopsy thyroid gland abnormal	Biopsy thyroid gland abnormal
Pulse abnormal	In medicine, a pulse represents the tactile arterial palpation of the heartbeat by trained fingertips.
Application site pustules	Application site pustules
Performance status decreased	In medicine (oncology and other fields), performance status is an attempt to quantify cancer patients' general well-being and activities of daily life.
Lenticular pigmentation	Lenticular pigmentation
Oxygen saturation abnormal	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Stress	Stress
Blood fibrinogen abnormal	Blood fibrinogen abnormal
Tetanus neonatorum	Tetanus, also known as lockjaw, is a bacterial infection characterized by muscle spasms.
HELLP syndrome	HELLP syndrome is a complication of pregnancy characterized by hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and a low platelet count.
Excessive granulation tissue	Excessive granulation tissue
Vaccination site exfoliation	Vaccination site exfoliation
Retroviral infection	A retrovirus is a type of RNA virus that inserts a copy of its genome into the DNA of a host cell that it invades, thus changing the genome of that cell.Once inside the host cell's cytoplasm, the virus uses its own reverse transcriptase enzyme to produce DNA from its RNA genome, the reverse of the usual pattern, thus retro (backwards).
Cervix cautery	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
Neurotoxicity	Neurotoxicity is a form of toxicity in which a biological, chemical, or physical agent produces an adverse effect on the structure or function of the central and/or peripheral nervous system.
Biopsy pleura abnormal	Biopsy pleura abnormal
Intestinal malrotation	Intestinal malrotation is a congenital anomaly of rotation of the midgut.
Sputum culture	A sputum culture is a test to detect and identify bacteria or fungi that infect the lungs or breathing passages.
Omenn syndrome	Omenn syndrome is an autosomal recessive severe combined immunodeficiency.
Forceps delivery	Obstetrical forceps are an instrument that can be used to assist in the delivery of a baby as an alternative to the ventouse (vacuum extraction) method.
Congenital cyst	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Urinary tract inflammation	The urinary system, also known as the renal system or urinary tract, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
Fibrin degradation products	Fibrin degradation products (FDPs), also known as fibrin split products, are components of the blood produced by clot degeneration.
Polydactyly	Polydactyly or polydactylism (from Greek  πολύς (polys), meaning 'many', and  δάκτυλος (daktylos), meaning 'finger'), also known as hyperdactyly, is a congenital physical anomaly in humans and animals resulting in supernumerary fingers and/or toes.
Fibrin degradation products increased	Fibrin degradation products (FDPs), also known as fibrin split products, are components of the blood produced by clot degeneration.
Labour induction	Labor induction is the process or treatment that stimulates childbirth and delivery.
Hypoglossal nerve disorder	The hypoglossal nerve is the twelfth cranial nerve, and innervates all the extrinsic and intrinsic muscles of the tongue, except for the palatoglossus which is innervated by the vagus nerve.
Poliovirus test positive	Poliovirus test positive
Lasegue's test positive	Lasegue's test positive
Blood androstenedione increased	Blood androstenedione increased
Panic disorder	Panic disorder is an anxiety disorder characterized by reoccurring unexpected panic attacks.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal abnormal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal abnormal
Blood zinc	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Enterocolitis viral	Enterocolitis  is an inflammation of the digestive tract, involving enteritis of the small intestine and colitis of the colon.
Perineal cyst	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Chelation therapy	Chelation therapy is a medical procedure that involves the administration of chelating agents to remove heavy metals from the body.
Benign hydatidiform mole	Benign hydatidiform mole
Blood thromboplastin normal	Blood thromboplastin normal
Enzyme level increased	Enzyme level increased
Mucosal hyperaemia	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Blood iron abnormal	Blood iron abnormal
Skin hyperplasia	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Metastasis	Metastasis is a pathogenic agent's spread from an initial or primary site to a different or secondary site within the host's body; the term is typically used when referring to metastasis by a cancerous tumor.
Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumour metastatic	Pancreatic neuroendocrine tumour metastatic
Benign neoplasm	A benign tumor is a mass of cells (tumor) that lacks the ability to invade neighboring tissue (spread throughout the body) or metastasize.
Skin injury	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Hypnopompic hallucination	The hypnopompic state (or hypnopompia) is the state of consciousness leading out of sleep, a term coined by the psychical researcher Frederic Myers.
Holoprosencephaly	Holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a cephalic disorder in which the prosencephalon (the forebrain of the embryo) fails to develop into two hemispheres.
Desmoid tumour	Aggressive fibromatosis is a rare condition marked by the presence of desmoid tumors.
Complications of transplanted kidney	Complications of transplanted kidney
Vaccination site warmth	Vaccination site warmth
Herpes simplex meningoencephalitis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Cerebrovascular insufficiency	Cerebrovascular disease includes a variety of medical conditions that affect the blood vessels of the brain and the cerebral circulation.
Dysmetria	Dysmetria (English: wrong length) is a lack of coordination of movement typified by the undershoot or overshoot of intended position with the hand, arm, leg, or eye.
Laryngeal dyspnoea	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Multi-organ disorder	Multi-organ disorder
Premature separation of placenta	Placental abruption is when the placenta separates early from the uterus, in other words separates before childbirth.
Blood group A	A blood type (also called a blood group) is a classification of blood, based on the presence and absence of antibodies and inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells (RBCs).
Heart transplant rejection	A heart transplant, or a cardiac transplant, is a surgical transplant procedure performed on patients with end-stage heart failure or severe coronary artery disease when other medical or surgical treatments have failed.
Neuritis cranial	Neuritis () is inflammation of a nerve or the general inflammation of the peripheral nervous system.
Transient hypogammaglobulinaemia of infancy	Transient hypogammaglobulinemia of infancy is a form of hypogammaglobulinemia appearing after birth, leading to a reduction in the level of IgG, and also sometimes IgA and IgM.
Occipital neuralgia	Occipital neuralgia is a medical condition characterized by chronic pain in the upper neck, back of the head and behind the eyes.
Penile size reduced	Penile size reduced
Blood androstenedione	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Antigliadin antibody	Antigliadin antibody
Peripheral nerve paresis	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Vein disorder	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Human rhinovirus test positive	Human rhinovirus test positive
Bladder irritation	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Ischaemic cerebral infarction	Ischaemic cerebral infarction
Benign muscle neoplasm	Benign muscle neoplasm
Lower respiratory tract infection fungal	Lower respiratory tract infection (LRTI), while often used as a synonym for pneumonia, can also be applied to other types of infection including lung abscess and acute bronchitis.
Rheumatoid factor increased	Rheumatoid factor (RF) is the autoantibody that was first found in rheumatoid arthritis.
Electronystagmogram abnormal	Electronystagmography (ENG) is a diagnostic test to record involuntary movements of the eye caused by a condition known as nystagmus.
Paracentesis	"Paracentesis (from Greek κεντάω, ""to pierce"") is a form of body fluid sampling procedure, generally referring to peritoneocentesis (also called laparocentesis or abdominal paracentesis) in which the peritoneal cavity is punctured by a needle to sample peritoneal fluid.The procedure is used to remove fluid from the peritoneal cavity, particularly if this cannot be achieved with medication."
Visual evoked potentials abnormal	An evoked potential  or evoked response is an electrical potential in a specific pattern recorded from a specific part of the nervous system, especially the brain, of a human or other animals following presentation of a stimulus such as a light flash or a pure tone.
Hair follicle tumour benign	Hair follicle tumour benign
Leser-Trelat sign	The Leser–Trélat sign is the explosive onset of multiple seborrheic keratoses (many pigmented skin lesions), often with an inflammatory base.
Cheyne-Stokes respiration	Cheyne–Stokes respiration  is an abnormal pattern of breathing characterized by progressively deeper, and sometimes faster, breathing followed by a gradual decrease that results in a temporary stop in breathing called an apnea.
Vaccination site eczema	Vaccination site eczema
Gastroenteritis eosinophilic	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Sickle cell trait	Sickle cell trait describes a condition in which a person has one abnormal allele of the hemoglobin beta gene (is heterozygous), but does not display the severe symptoms of sickle-cell disease that occur in a person who has two copies of that allele (is homozygous).
Irregular sleep wake rhythm disorder	Irregular sleep–wake rhythm is a rare form of circadian rhythm sleep disorder.
Hepatitis B DNA increased	Hepatitis B DNA increased
Increased viscosity of upper respiratory secretion	Increased viscosity of upper respiratory secretion
Cavernous sinus thrombosis	Cavernous sinus thrombosis (CST) is the formation of a blood clot within the cavernous sinus, a cavity at the base of the brain which drains deoxygenated blood from the brain back to the heart.
Cerebral toxoplasmosis	Toxoplasmosis is a parasitic disease caused by Toxoplasma gondii.
Renal graft infection	Renal graft infection
Foot fracture	The foot (plural feet) is an anatomical structure found in many vertebrates.
Device inappropriate shock delivery	Device inappropriate shock delivery
Immune complex assay	An immune complex, sometimes called an antigen-antibody complex, is a molecule formed from the integral binding of an antibody to a soluble antigen.
Diagnostic aspiration	Diagnosis is the identification of the nature and cause of a certain phenomenon.
Adrenomegaly	Adrenomegaly
Corneal diameter increased	Corneal diameter increased
Shunt malfunction	In medicine, a shunt is a hole or a small passage which moves, or allows movement of, fluid from one part of the body to another.
Anti-thrombin antibody	Anti-thrombin antibody
Barotitis media	Barotrauma is physical damage to body tissues caused by a difference in pressure between a gas space inside, or in contact with, the body, and the surrounding gas or fluid.
Body fluid analysis	Body fluids, bodily fluids, or biofluids are liquids within the human body.
Anti-IA2 antibody positive	Anti-IA2 antibody positive
Toxic encephalopathy	Toxic encephalopathy is a neurologic disorder caused by exposure to neurotoxic organic solvents such as toluene, following exposure to heavy metals such as manganese, as a side effect of melarsoprol treatment for African trypanosomiasis, or exposure to extreme concentrations of any natural toxin such as cyanotoxins found in shellfish or freshwater cyanobacteria crusts.
Autoimmune endocrine disorder	Autoimmune endocrine disorder
Horner's syndrome	Horner's syndrome, also known as oculosympathetic paresis, is a combination of symptoms that arises when a group of nerves known as the sympathetic trunk is damaged.
Gastrointestinal ischaemia	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Hyperleukocytosis	Hyperleukocytosis
Severe invasive streptococcal infection	Severe invasive streptococcal infection
Herpes sepsis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Echoencephalogram abnormal	Echoencephalogram abnormal
Streptococcal sepsis	Streptococcus agalactiae (also known as group B streptococcus or GBS) is a gram-positive coccus (round bacterium) with a tendency to form chains (as reflected by the genus name Streptococcus).
Thyroid neoplasm	Thyroid neoplasm is a neoplasm or tumor of the thyroid.
B-cell lymphoma recurrent	The B-cell lymphomas are types of lymphoma affecting B cells.
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome	Ehlers–Danlos syndromes (EDS) are a group of genetic connective tissue disorders.
Ultrasound antenatal screen abnormal	Ultrasound antenatal screen abnormal
Vaccination site movement impairment	Vaccination site movement impairment
Poor peripheral circulation	Poor peripheral circulation
Bacillus test positive	Bacillus test positive
Disseminated cytomegaloviral infection	Disseminated cytomegaloviral infection
Shock symptom	Shock symptom
Platelet count abnormal	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Psychological trauma	Psychological trauma is damage to the mind that occurs as a result of a distressing event.
Dysbacteriosis	Dysbiosis (also called dysbacteriosis) is a term for a microbial imbalance or maladaptation on or inside the body, such as an impaired microbiota.
Janus kinase 2 mutation	Janus kinase 2 (commonly called JAK2) is a non-receptor tyrosine kinase.
Polyhydramnios	Polyhydramnios is a medical condition describing an excess of amniotic fluid in the amniotic sac.
Irlen syndrome	Irlen syndrome, occasionally referred to as scotopic sensitivity syndrome (SSS) or Meares-Irlen syndrome, very rarely as asfedia, and recently also as visual stress, is a proposed disorder of vision.
Vaccination site joint erythema	Vaccination site joint erythema
Brain stem haemorrhage	The brainstem (or brain stem) is the posterior part of the brain, continuous with the spinal cord.
Multiple chemical sensitivity	"Multiple Chemical Sensitivity (MCS), also known as Idiopathic Environmental Intolerances (IEI) and Environmental Sensitivities/Multiple Chemical Sensitivities (ES/MCS), was defined in a 2017 scientific review as ""a complex syndrome that manifests as a result of exposure to a low level of various common contaminants."
Biopsy tendon abnormal	Biopsy tendon abnormal
Osteochondrosis	Osteochondrosis is a family of orthopedic diseases of the joint that occur in children, adolescents and other rapidly growing animals, particularly pigs, horses, dogs, and broiler chickens.
Metastases to bone	Metastases to bone
Ultrasound ovary	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Impulsive behaviour	In psychology, impulsivity (or impulsiveness) is a tendency to act on a whim, displaying behavior characterized by little or no forethought, reflection, or consideration of the consequences.
Lung induration	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Cell marker decreased	The cluster of differentiation (also known as cluster of designation or classification determinant and often abbreviated as CD) is a protocol used for the identification and investigation of cell surface molecules providing targets for immunophenotyping of cells.
Hair metal test	Glam metal (also known pejoratively as hair metal and often used synonymously with pop metal) is a subgenre of heavy metal, which features pop-influenced hooks and guitar riffs, and borrows heavily from the fashion and image of 1970s glam rock.
Hypogammaglobulinaemia	Hypogammaglobulinemia is a problem with the immune system in which not enough gamma globulins are produced in the blood (thus hypo- + gamma + globulin + -emia).
Magnetic resonance neurography	Magnetic resonance neurography (MRN) is the direct imaging of nerves in the body by optimizing selectivity for unique MRI water properties of nerves.
Granulocytes maturation arrest	Granulocytes maturation arrest
Oral mucosa erosion	The oral mucosa is the mucous membrane lining the inside of the mouth.
Vesicoureteric reflux	Vesicoureteric reflux
Neurogenic bladder	Neurogenic bladder dysfunction, sometimes simply referred to as neurogenic bladder, is a dysfunction of the urinary bladder due to disease or injury of the central nervous system or peripheral nerves involved in the control of urination.
Myeloid leukaemia	Myeloid leukemia is a type of leukemia affecting myeloid tissue.
Sleep attacks	Sleep is a naturally recurring state of mind and body, characterized by altered consciousness, relatively inhibited sensory activity, reduced muscle activity and inhibition of nearly all voluntary muscles during rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, and reduced interactions with surroundings.
Blood pressure orthostatic increased	Blood pressure orthostatic increased
Periorbital haemorrhage	The periorbita is the area around the orbit.
Hepatitis B e antibody negative	Hepatitis B e antibody negative
Electrocardiogram PQ interval	Electrocardiogram PQ interval
Blood heavy metal abnormal	Blood heavy metal abnormal
Application site rash	Application site rash
Biliary cirrhosis primary	Primary biliary cholangitis (PBC), previously known as primary biliary cirrhosis, is an autoimmune disease of the liver.
Gastroenteritis shigella	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Blood cortisol abnormal	Blood cortisol abnormal
Hypohidrosis	Hypohidrosis is a disorder in which a person exhibits diminished sweating in response to appropriate stimuli.
Enteropathic spondylitis	Enteropathy refers to any pathology of the intestine.
Neonatal intestinal perforation	Neonatal intestinal perforation
CSF lymphocyte count normal	CSF lymphocyte count normal
Cardiac imaging procedure abnormal	Cardiac imaging procedure abnormal
Vitello-intestinal duct remnant	Vitello-intestinal duct remnant
Therapeutic procedure	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Acute prerenal failure	Acute prerenal failure
Myelodysplastic syndrome	Myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) are a group of cancers in which immature blood cells in the bone marrow do not mature and therefore do not become healthy blood cells.
Haemodynamic test normal	Haemodynamic test normal
Testicular germ cell tumour	Testicular germ cell tumour
Sensory level abnormal	Sensory level abnormal
Caffeine allergy	Allergies, also known as allergic diseases, are a number of conditions caused by hypersensitivity of the immune system to typically harmless substances in the environment.
Systemic immune activation	Systemic immune activation
Listeria test positive	Listeria test positive
Myasthenia gravis crisis	Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a long-term neuromuscular disease that leads to varying degrees of skeletal muscle weakness.
Intermittent positive pressure breathing	Intermittent positive pressure breathing (IPPB) is a respiratory therapy treatment for people who are hypoventilating.
Anisochromia	Anisochromia is a marked variability in the color density of erythrocytes (red blood cells), which indicates unequal hemoglobin content among the red blood cells.
Single functional kidney	Single functional kidney
Computerised tomogram intestine	Computerised tomogram intestine
Urine odour abnormal	Urine odour abnormal
Lymphocyte stimulation test positive	Lymphocyte stimulation test positive
Electrocardiogram ST segment abnormal	Electrocardiogram ST segment abnormal
Procalcitonin	Procalcitonin (PCT) is a peptide precursor of the hormone calcitonin, the latter being involved with calcium homeostasis.
Premature baby death	Preterm birth, also known as premature birth, is the birth of a baby at fewer than 37 weeks' gestational age, as opposed to the usual about 40 weeks.
Lymphoid hyperplasia of appendix	Lymphoid hyperplasia of appendix
Oral mucosa haematoma	The oral mucosa is the mucous membrane lining the inside of the mouth.
Cholangiogram normal	Cholangiography is the imaging of the bile duct (also known as the biliary tree) by x-rays and an injection of contrast medium.
Intra-abdominal fluid collection	Intra-abdominal fluid collection
Tooth abscess	A dental abscess is a localized collection of pus associated with a tooth.
Burkholderia test positive	Burkholderia test positive
Oropharyngeal candidiasis	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Parainfluenzae virus infection	Parainfluenzae virus infection
Nasal obstruction	Nasal congestion is the blockage of the nasal passages usually due to membranes lining the nose becoming swollen from inflamed blood vessels.Nasal decongestants target the discomfort directly.
Blood group O	A blood type (also called a blood group) is a classification of blood, based on the presence and absence of antibodies and inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells (RBCs).
Depersonalisation/derealisation disorder	Depersonalisation/derealisation disorder
Toxic shock syndrome streptococcal	Toxic shock syndrome (TSS) is a condition caused by bacterial toxins.
Chronic respiratory disease	Chronic Respiratory Disease is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal that covers research in the field of respiratory disease, including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, respiratory failure, and obstructive sleep apnea.
Autoimmune retinopathy	Autoimmune retinopathy (AIR) is a rare disease in which the patient's immune system attacks proteins in the retina, leading to loss of eyesight.
Hepatitis B core antibody	Hepatitis B core antibody
Sputum discoloured	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Organising pneumonia	Organizing or organising is the establishment of effective authority relationships among selected work, persons and work places in order for the group to work together efficiently.
Electrocardiogram T wave normal	Electrocardiogram T wave normal
Autoimmune arthritis	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Chest crushing	The thorax or chest is a part of the anatomy of humans and various other animals located between the neck and the abdomen.
Blood growth hormone abnormal	Blood growth hormone abnormal
Drug effect delayed	Efficacy is the ability to get a job done satisfactorily.
Vaccination site joint infection	Vaccination site joint infection
Injury to brachial plexus due to birth trauma	Injury to brachial plexus due to birth trauma
Cortisol decreased	Cortisol is a steroid hormone, in the glucocorticoid class of hormones.
Bacterial parotitis	Bacteria ( (listen); common noun bacteria, singular bacterium) are a type of biological cell.
Bronchomalacia	Bronchomalacia is a term for weak cartilage in the walls of the bronchial tubes, often occurring in children under six months.
Pyelitis	Pyelonephritis  is inflammation of the kidney, typically due to a bacterial infection.
Rheumatoid factor positive	Rheumatoid factor (RF) is the autoantibody that was first found in rheumatoid arthritis.
Urticarial vasculitis	"Urticarial vasculitis (also known as ""chronic urticaria as a manifestation of venulitis"", ""hypocomplementemic urticarial vasculitis syndrome"", ""hypocomplementemic vasculitis"" and ""unusual lupus-like syndrome"") is a skin condition characterized by fixed urticarial lesions that appear histologically as a vasculitis."
N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide increased	N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide increased
Anal erosion	Anal erosion
Hepatitis B e antigen positive	Hepatitis B e antigen positive
Retinal artery occlusion	Ocular ischemic syndrome is the constellation of ocular signs and symptoms secondary to severe, chronic arterial hypoperfusion to the eye.
Periphlebitis	Periphlebitis
Salivary gland pain	The salivary glands in mammals are exocrine glands that produce saliva through a system of ducts.
Inguinal hernia repair	Inguinal hernia surgery is an operation to repair a weakness in the abdominal wall that abnormally allows abdominal contents to slip into a narrow tube called the inguinal canal in the groin region.
Puncture site oedema	Puncture site oedema
Incarcerated inguinal hernia	Incarcerated inguinal hernia
Autoantibody test	An autoantibody is an antibody (a type of protein) produced by the immune system that is directed against one or more of the individual's own proteins.
Nocturnal dyspnoea	Nocturnality is an animal behavior characterized by being active during the night and sleeping during the day.
Pancreatic failure	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Divorced	Divorce, also known as dissolution of marriage, is the process of terminating a marriage or marital union.
Focal dyscognitive seizures	Focal dyscognitive seizures
Respiratory papilloma	The respiratory system (also respiratory apparatus, ventilatory system) is a biological system consisting of specific organs and structures used for gas exchange in animals and plants.
Malignant respiratory tract neoplasm	Malignant respiratory tract neoplasm
Injection related reaction	Injection related reaction
Heart block congenital	Heart block (HB) is a disorder in the heart's rhythm due to a fault in the natural pacemaker.
Rickets	Rickets is a condition that results in weak or soft bones in children.
Anti-vimentin antibody positive	Anti-vimentin antibody positive
Somatic symptom disorder	A somatic symptom disorder, formerly known as a somatoform disorder, is any mental disorder that manifests as physical symptoms that suggest illness or injury, but cannot be explained fully by a general medical condition or by the direct effect of a substance, and are not attributable to another mental disorder (e.g., panic disorder).
Parasite stool test positive	Parasite stool test positive
Eyelid haematoma	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Vaccination site laceration	Vaccination site laceration
Anaesthetic complication	An anesthetic (American English) or anaesthetic (British English; see spelling differences) is a drug used to induce anesthesia ⁠— ⁠in other words, to result in a temporary loss of sensation or awareness.
Dandy-Walker syndrome	Dandy–Walker syndrome (DWS) is a rare group of congenital human brain malformations.
Enterocolitis infectious	Enterocolitis  is an inflammation of the digestive tract, involving enteritis of the small intestine and colitis of the colon.
Infective pulmonary exacerbation of cystic fibrosis	Infective pulmonary exacerbation of cystic fibrosis
Inborn error of lipid metabolism	Numerous genetic disorders are caused by errors in fatty acid metabolism.
Drug withdrawal convulsions	Drug withdrawal is the group of symptoms that occur upon the abrupt discontinuation or decrease in intake of medications or recreational drugs.
Central nervous system viral infection	Central nervous system viral infection
Pregnancy test urine positive	Pregnancy test urine positive
Cytokine test	Cytokines are a broad and loose category of small proteins (~5–20 kDa) that are important in cell signaling.
Rectal prolapse	Rectal prolapse is when the rectal walls have prolapsed to a degree where they protrude out the anus and are visible outside the body.
Phenylalanine screen	Phenylalanine (symbol Phe or F) is an essential α-amino acid with the formula C9H11NO2.
Exercise lack of	Exercise lack of
Respiratory paralysis	Respiratory failure results from inadequate gas exchange by the respiratory system, meaning that the arterial oxygen, carbon dioxide or both cannot be kept at normal levels.
Proteus test positive	Proteus test positive
Cortical visual impairment	Cortical visual impairment (CVI) is a form of visual impairment that is caused by a brain problem rather than an eye problem.
Microphthalmos	Microphthalmia (Greek: μικρός mikros = small; ὀφθαλμός ophthalmos = eye), also referred as microphthalmos, is a developmental disorder of the eye in which one (unilateral microphthalmia) or both (bilateral microphthalmia) eyes are abnormally small and have anatomic malformations.
Pulmonary function test	Pulmonary function test (PFT)  is a complete evaluation of the respiratory system including patient history, physical examinations, and tests of pulmonary function.
Cerebrohepatorenal syndrome	Zellweger syndrome is a rare congenital disorder characterized by the reduction or absence of functional peroxisomes in the cells of an individual.
Granulocyte count	Granulocytes are a category of white blood cells characterized by the presence of granules in their cytoplasm.
Legionella test	The genus Legionella is a pathogenic group of Gram-negative bacteria that includes the species L. pneumophila, causing legionellosis (all illnesses caused by Legionella) including a pneumonia-type illness called Legionnaires' disease and a mild flu-like illness called Pontiac fever.Legionella may be visualized with a silver stain or cultured in cysteine-containing media such as buffered charcoal yeast extract agar.
Sedation	Sedation is the reduction of irritability or agitation by administration of sedative drugs, generally to facilitate a medical procedure or diagnostic procedure.
Upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage	Upper gastrointestinal bleeding is gastrointestinal bleeding in the upper gastrointestinal tract, commonly defined as bleeding arising from the esophagus, stomach, or duodenum.
Dyssomnia	Dyssomnias are a broad classification of sleeping disorders involving difficulty getting to sleep, remaining asleep, or of excessive sleepiness.
Hypovolaemic shock	Hypovolemia, also known as volume depletion or volume contraction, is a state of decreased intravascular volume.
Weight gain poor	Weight gain is an increase in body weight.
Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome	Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome (WPWS) is a disorder due to a specific type of problem with the electrical system of the heart which has resulted in symptoms.
Left-to-right cardiac shunt	Left-to-right cardiac shunt
Cystitis escherichia	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Deformity of orbit	Deformity of orbit
Blood oestrogen decreased	Blood oestrogen decreased
Pneumonia pseudomonal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Injection site hypertrichosis	Injection site hypertrichosis
Aeromonas infection	Aeromonas infections include skin infections such as cellulitis, pustules, and furuncles.
Ankyloglossia acquired	Ankyloglossia, also known as tongue-tie, is a congenital oral anomaly that may decrease mobility of the tongue tip and is caused by an unusually short, thick lingual frenulum, a membrane connecting the underside of the tongue to the floor of the mouth.
Blood thromboplastin abnormal	Blood thromboplastin abnormal
Pneumatosis intestinalis	Pneumatosis intestinalis (also called intestinal pneumatosis, pneumatosis cystoides intestinalis, pneumatosis coli, or intramural bowel gas) is pneumatosis of an intestine, that is, gas cysts in the bowel wall.
Tinea pedis	Athlete's foot, known medically as tinea pedis, is a common skin infection of the feet caused by fungus.
Cardiopulmonary exercise test normal	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Multifocal motor neuropathy	Multifocal motor neuropathy (MMN) is a progressively worsening condition where muscles in the extremities gradually weaken.
Oesophageal achalasia	Esophageal achalasia, often referred to simply as achalasia, is a failure of smooth muscle fibers to relax, which can cause the lower esophageal sphincter to remain closed.
Fundus autofluorescence	In neuroanatomy, a gyrus (pl.
Polymorphic light eruption	Polymorphous light eruption (PLE), sometimes also called polymorphic light eruption (PMLE), is a non-life-threatening and potentially distressing skin condition that is triggered by sunlight and artificial UV exposure in a genetically susceptible person, particularly in temperate climates during the spring and early summer.
Osteomyelitis chronic	Osteomyelitis (OM) is an infection of bone.
Leptospirosis	Leptospirosis is an infection caused by corkscrew-shaped bacteria called Leptospira.
Salpingitis	Salpingitis is an infection and inflammation in the Fallopian tubes.
Klebsiella test positive	Klebsiella test positive
Beta 2 microglobulin	β2 microglobulin also known as B2M is a component of  MHC class I molecules, MHC class I molecules have α1, α2, and α3 proteins which are present on all nucleated cells (excludes red blood cells).
Leukocyturia	Pyuria is the condition of urine containing white blood cells or pus.
Vaccination site joint movement impairment	Vaccination site joint movement impairment
Defaecation disorder	Defecation is the final act of digestion, by which organisms eliminate solid, semisolid, or liquid waste material from the digestive tract via the anus.
Skin ulcer haemorrhage	An ulcer is a sore on the skin or a mucous membrane, accompanied by the disintegration of tissue.
Necrotising enterocolitis neonatal	Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a medical condition where a portion of the bowel dies.
Bile duct stent insertion	Bile duct stent insertion
Vascular headache	A vascular headache is an outdated term to describe certain types of headache which were thought to be related to blood vessel swelling and hyperemia as cause of pain.
Nerve stimulation test normal	Nerve stimulation test normal
Nasal disorder	Nasal disorder
Spinal operation	Spinal operation
Hepatic pain	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Cryptococcosis	Cryptococcosis, is a potentially fatal fungal disease.
Electroconvulsive therapy	Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), formerly known as electroshock therapy, is a psychiatric treatment in which seizures are electrically induced in patients to provide relief from mental disorders..
Disease risk factor	Disease risk factor
Vestibular ataxia	"The Vestibular (from Portuguese: vestíbulo, ""entrance hall"") is a competitive examination and is the primary and widespread entrance system used by Brazilian universities to select the students admitted."
Thyroid mass	The thyroid gland, or simply the thyroid, is an endocrine gland in the neck, consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus.
Lung carcinoma cell type unspecified recurrent	Lung carcinoma cell type unspecified recurrent
Hyperthermia therapy	Hyperthermia therapy is a type of medical treatment in which body tissue is exposed to higher temperatures in an effort to treat Lyme disease and cancer.Hyperthermia uses higher temperatures than diathermy, which is the deep heating of body tissue for relaxation or physical therapy.
Neurofibroma	A neurofibroma is a benign nerve-sheath tumor in the peripheral nervous system.
Meningocele acquired	Spina bifida is a birth defect in which there is incomplete closing of the spine and membranes around the spinal cord during early development in pregnancy.
Hypervolaemia	Hypervolemia, also known as fluid overload, is the medical condition where there is too much fluid in the blood.
Faecal calprotectin increased	Faecal calprotectin (or fecal calprotectin) is a biochemical measurement of the protein calprotectin in the stool.
Fraction of inspired oxygen	Fraction of inspired oxygen (FiO2) is the molar or volumetric fraction of oxygen in the inhaled gas.
Mycobacterium test positive	Mycobacterium test positive
Pneumonia haemophilus	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Mevalonate kinase deficiency	Mevalonate kinase deficiency (MKD), is an autosomal recessive  metabolic disorder that disrupts the biosynthesis of cholesterol and isoprenoids.It is characterized by an elevated level of immunoglobin D in the blood.
Orbital infection	Orbital infection
Dependence	Dependence
Myocardial necrosis marker increased	Myocardial necrosis marker increased
Infantile back arching	Infantile back arching
Foetal megacystis	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Adjusted calcium increased	Adjusted calcium increased
Blood methaemoglobin absent	Blood methaemoglobin absent
Pregnancy with contraceptive device	Pregnancy with contraceptive device
IVth nerve paresis	IVth nerve paresis
Hepatitis B core antigen	HBcAg (core antigen) is a hepatitis B viral protein.
Puncture site swelling	Puncture site swelling
Product contamination microbial	Product contamination microbial
Microagglutination test	Microagglutination test
Cardiac dysfunction	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Lipectomy	Liposuction, or simply lipo, is a type of fat removal procedure used in plastic surgery.
Application site pruritus	Application site pruritus
PCO2 increased	"The pCO2, PCO2, 
  
    
      
        
          p
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle p_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
  or 
  
    
      
        
          P
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
   is the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (CO2), often used in reference to blood, but also used in oceanography to describe the partial pressure of CO2 in the ocean, and in life support systems engineering and underwater diving to describe the partial pressure in a breathing gas."
Cryoglobulins present	Cold sensitive antibodies (CSA) are antibodies sensitive to cold temperature.
Peripheral circulatory failure	Peripheral circulatory failure
Hypocoagulable state	Hypocoagulable state
Procedural hypotension	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Encephalitis lethargica	Encephalitis lethargica is an atypical form of encephalitis.
Pericardial haemorrhage	There are two pericardial sinuses: transverse and oblique.
Tongue biting	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Thyroid pain	The thyroid gland, or simply the thyroid, is an endocrine gland in the neck, consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus.
Blood pressure difference of extremities	Blood pressure difference of extremities
Sudden visual loss	Sudden visual loss
Respiratory tract oedema	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Weight fluctuation	In science and engineering, the weight of an object is related to the force acting on the object, either due to gravity or to a reaction force that holds it in place.Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object.
Ileal perforation	The ileum  is the final section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
Germ cell neoplasm	A germ cell is any biological cell that gives rise to the gametes of an organism that reproduces sexually.
Hyposplenism	Asplenia refers to the absence of normal spleen function and is associated with some serious infection risks.
Paradoxical drug reaction	Paradoxical drug reaction
Gastrointestinal tract irritation	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Chronic hepatitis C	Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver tissue.
Vaccination site joint effusion	Vaccination site joint effusion
Procedural dizziness	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Undifferentiated connective tissue disease	Undifferentiated connective tissue disease (UCTD) is a disease in which the body mistakenly attacks its own tissues.
Anti factor V antibody	Anti factor V antibody
Respiratory tract infection viral	Respiratory tract infection (RTI) refers to any of a number of infectious diseases involving the respiratory tract.
Retinal aneurysm	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Injection site joint erythema	Injection site joint erythema
Vaccination site macule	Vaccination site macule
Coronavirus test positive	Coronavirus test positive
Pseudolymphoma	Pseudolymphoma is a benign lymphocytic infiltrate that resembles cutaneous lymphoma histologically, clinically, or both.
Vulvovaginal dryness	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
ADAMTS13 inhibitor screen assay	ADAMTS13 inhibitor screen assay
Squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix	Squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix
Vaccination site joint swelling	Vaccination site joint swelling
Emergency care examination	Emergency medicine, also known as accident and emergency medicine, is the medical specialty concerned with the care of illnesses or injuries requiring immediate medical attention.
Tongue erythema	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Chronic respiratory failure	Respiratory failure results from inadequate gas exchange by the respiratory system, meaning that the arterial oxygen, carbon dioxide or both cannot be kept at normal levels.
Hand dermatitis	Hyperkeratotic hand dermatitis presents with hyperkeratotic, fissure-prone, erythematous areas of the middle or proximal palm, and the volar surfaces of the fingers may also be involved.
Tibia fracture	The human leg, in the general word sense, is the entire lower limb of the human body, including the foot, thigh and even the hip or gluteal region.
Cerebral microhaemorrhage	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Vulvovaginal rash	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Lymphoproliferative disorder	Lymphoproliferative disorders (LPDs) refer to several conditions in which lymphocytes are produced in excessive quantities.
Thrombocytosis	Thrombocythemia is the presence of high platelet (thrombocyte) counts in the blood, and can be either primary (also termed essential thrombocythemia, and caused by a myeloproliferative disease) or secondary (also termed reactive).
Lymphadenitis viral	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size or consistency.
Oedema blister	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Product administration error	Product administration error
Autoimmune enteropathy	Autoimmune enteropathy (AIE) is a rare disorder of the immune system condition that affects infants, young children and (rarely) adults causing severe diarrhea, vomiting, and other morbidities of the digestive tract.
Yellow fever vaccine-associated neurotropic disease	Yellow fever vaccine-associated neurotropic disease
Myoglobin blood	Myoglobin (symbol Mb or MB) is an iron- and oxygen-binding protein found in the muscle tissue of vertebrates in general and in almost all mammals.
Vaccination site hypoaesthesia	Vaccination site hypoaesthesia
C1 esterase inhibitor test normal	C1 esterase inhibitor test normal
Pneumonia chlamydial	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Seronegative arthritis	Spondyloarthropathy or spondyloarthrosis refers to any joint disease of the vertebral column.
Blast cell proliferation	In cell biology, a precursor cell, also called a blast cell or simply blast, is a partially differentiated cell, usually referred to as a unipotent cell that has lost most of its stem cell properties.
Vaccination site joint pain	Vaccination site joint pain
Biopsy brain normal	Biopsy brain normal
Spinal muscular atrophy	Spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) is a group of neuromuscular disorders that result in the loss of motor neurons and progressive muscle wasting.
Congenital cerebellar agenesis	Congenital cerebellar agenesis
CSF immunoglobulin decreased	CSF immunoglobulin decreased
Pharyngeal disorder	Pharyngeal disorder
Induced abortion failed	Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy by removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus before it can survive outside the uterus.
Intestinal pseudo-obstruction	Intestinal pseudo-obstruction is a clinical syndrome caused by severe impairment in the ability of the intestines to push food through.
H3N2 influenza	Influenza A virus subtype H3N2 (A/H3N2) is a subtype of viruses that causes influenza (flu).
Prostatic operation	On either side of the urethral crest is a slightly depressed fossa, the prostatic sinus, the floor of which is perforated by numerous apertures, the orifices of the prostatic ducts from the lateral lobes of the prostate.
Synovial fluid analysis abnormal	Synovial fluid analysis abnormal
Lipoedema	Lipedema is a disorder where there is enlargement of both legs due to deposits of fat under the skin.
Defiant behaviour	Defiant behaviour
Electrocardiogram T wave amplitude decreased	Electrocardiogram T wave amplitude decreased
Emergency care	Emergency medicine, also known as accident and emergency medicine, is the medical specialty concerned with the care of illnesses or injuries requiring immediate medical attention.
Orthopaedic examination abnormal	Orthopaedic examination abnormal
Upper-airway cough syndrome	Upper-airway cough syndrome
Low birth weight baby	"Low birth weight (LBW) is defined by the World Health Organization as a birth weight of a
infant of 2,499 g or less, regardless of gestational age."
Computerised tomogram kidney abnormal	Computerised tomogram kidney abnormal
Drain placement	Drain placement
Gulf war syndrome	Gulf War syndrome or Gulf War illness is a chronic and multi-symptomatic disorder affecting returning military veterans of the 1990–91 Persian Gulf War.
Product closure issue	Product closure issue
Prenatal screening test	Prenatal testing consists of prenatal screening and prenatal diagnosis, which are aspects of prenatal care that focus on detecting problems with the pregnancy as early as possible.
Skeletal muscle enzymes	Skeletal muscle is one of three major muscle types, the others being cardiac muscle and smooth muscle.
Amniotic band syndrome	Constriction ring syndrome (CRS) is a congenital disorder with unknown cause.
Genital blister	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Exposure via mucosa	Exposure via mucosa
Dandruff	Dandruff is a skin condition that mainly affects the scalp.
X-ray	X-rays make up X-radiation, a form of high-energy electromagnetic radiation.
Helicobacter test	Helicobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria possessing a characteristic helical shape.
Anti-VGCC antibody negative	Anti-VGCC antibody negative
Donor specific antibody present	Donor specific antibody present
Lower limb fracture	The human leg, in the general word sense, is the entire lower limb of the human body, including the foot, thigh and even the hip or gluteal region.
Parvovirus B19 test negative	Parvovirus B19 test negative
Medical induction of coma	Medical induction of coma
Sensory integrative dysfunction	Sensory processing disorder (SPD; also known as sensory integration dysfunction) is a condition where multisensory integration is not adequately processed in order to provide appropriate responses to the demands of the environment.
Biopsy foetal abnormal	Biopsy foetal abnormal
Sensory processing disorder	Sensory processing disorder (SPD; also known as sensory integration dysfunction) is a condition where multisensory integration is not adequately processed in order to provide appropriate responses to the demands of the environment.
Red blood cell sedimentation rate normal	Red blood cell sedimentation rate normal
Product impurity	Product impurity
Sensitive skin	Sensitive skin is a skin condition in which skin is prone to itching and irritation experienced as a subjective sensation when using cosmetics and toiletries.
Intraocular pressure test	Intraocular pressure (IOP) is the fluid pressure inside the eye.
Angiosarcoma	Angiosarcoma is a cancer of the cells that line the walls of blood vessels or lymphatic vessels.
Hyperaesthesia teeth	Hyperesthesia is a condition that involves an abnormal increase in sensitivity to stimuli of the sense.
Electrophoresis protein abnormal	Electrophoresis protein abnormal
Placenta praevia	Placenta praevia is when the placenta attaches inside the uterus but near or over the cervical opening.
Penile pain	Penile pain refers to pain in the penis, human or otherwise.
Vaccination site dryness	Vaccination site dryness
Foetal cardiac disorder	Foetal cardiac disorder
Lipids	In biology and biochemistry, a lipid is a biomolecule that is soluble in nonpolar solvents.
Product contamination chemical	Product contamination chemical
Target skin lesion	Target skin lesion
Homosexuality	Homosexuality is romantic attraction, sexual attraction, or sexual behavior between members of the same sex or gender.
Post-traumatic neck syndrome	Post-traumatic neck syndrome
Mycoplasma test	Mycoplasma is a mollicute genus of bacteria that lack a cell wall around their cell membranes.
Hyperresponsive to stimuli	Hyperresponsive to stimuli
Product intolerance	Product intolerance
Neuroma	A neuroma (; plural: neuromata or neuromas) is a growth or tumor of nerve tissue.
Life support	Life support refers to the treatments and techniques performed in an emergency in order to support life after the failure of one or more vital organs.
Therapeutic product effect incomplete	Therapeutic product effect incomplete
Keratosis pilaris	Keratosis pilaris (KP) (also follicular keratosis, lichen pilaris, or colloquially chicken skin) is a common, autosomal dominant, genetic condition of the skin's hair follicles characterized by the appearance of possibly itchy, small, gooseflesh-like bumps, with varying degrees of reddening or inflammation.
Chemical burn	A chemical burn occurs when living tissue is exposed to a corrosive substance (such as a strong acid, base or oxidizer) or a cytotoxic agent (such as mustard gas, lewisite or arsine).
Tendinous contracture	Tendinous contracture
Thyroid hormones increased	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
X-ray limb	X-rays make up X-radiation, a form of high-energy electromagnetic radiation.
Hepatic congestion	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Herpes zoster meningoencephalitis	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Long thoracic nerve palsy	The long thoracic nerve (external respiratory nerve of Bell; posterior thoracic nerve) supplies the serratus anterior muscle.
Pulmonary mass	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Oral mucosal erythema	Oral mucosal erythema
Retinal vein occlusion	The central retinal vein is the venous equivalent of the central retinal artery and, like that blood vessel, it can suffer from occlusion (central retinal vein occlusion, also CRVO), similar to that seen in ocular ischemic syndrome.
Glucose tolerance test	The glucose tolerance test is a medical test in which glucose is given and blood samples taken afterward to determine how quickly it is cleared from the blood.
Swallow study abnormal	Swallow study abnormal
Gastrointestinal injury	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Herpes oesophagitis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Hypophosphataemia	Hypophosphatemia is an electrolyte disorder in which there is a low level of phosphate in the blood.
Brow ptosis	Brow ptosis
Bladder transitional cell carcinoma	Bladder transitional cell carcinoma
Spinal X-ray	Spinal X-ray
Toxicologic test	Toxicologic test
Electrocardiogram QRS complex	Electrocardiogram QRS complex
Wrist surgery	"In human anatomy, the wrist is variously defined as 1) the carpus or carpal bones, the complex of eight bones forming the proximal skeletal segment of the hand; (2) the wrist joint or radiocarpal joint, the joint between the radius and the carpus  and
(3) the anatomical region surrounding the carpus including the distal parts of the bones of the forearm and the proximal parts of the metacarpus or five metacarpal bones and the series of joints between these bones, thus referred to as wrist joints."
Wrong technique in device usage process	Wrong technique in device usage process
Apolipoprotein A-I decreased	Apolipoprotein A1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APOA1 gene.
Joint range of motion measurement	Joint range of motion measurement
Ultrasound antenatal screen	Ultrasound antenatal screen
Breast cancer metastatic	Breast cancer is cancer that develops from breast tissue.
Total lung capacity decreased	Lung volumes and lung capacities refer to the volume of air in the lungs at different phases of the respiratory cycle.
Intranasal hypoaesthesia	Nasal administration is a route of administration in which drugs are insufflated through the nose.
Uterine disorder	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Drug trough level	Drug trough level
Shoulder dystocia	Shoulder dystocia is when, after delivery of the head, the baby's anterior shoulder gets caught above the mother's pubic bone.
Basal ganglia haematoma	The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are a group of subcortical nuclei, of varied origin, in the brains of vertebrates, including humans, which are situated at the base of the forebrain and top of the midbrain.
Laryngoscopy abnormal	Laryngoscopy () is endoscopy of the larynx, a part of the throat.
Penile haemorrhage	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Urine analysis	Clinical urine tests are various tests of urine for diagnostic purposes.
Drug level therapeutic	Drug level therapeutic
Rectal examination normal	Rectal examination, commonly called a prostate exam, is an internal examination of the rectum, performed by a healthcare provider.
Chest wall mass	The thoracic wall or chest wall is the boundary of the thoracic cavity.
Tachyphrenia	Tachyphrenia
Candida nappy rash	Candida nappy rash
Monocyte count increased	Monocyte count increased
Increased insulin requirement	Increased insulin requirement
Myoglobin urine present	Myoglobin urine present
Overweight	Being overweight or fat is having more body fat than is optimally healthy.
Puncture site infection	Puncture site infection
Phantom pain	Phantom pain is a perception that an individual experiences relating to a limb or an organ that is not physically part of the body.
Vertebral foraminal stenosis	Vertebral foraminal stenosis
Corneal infiltrates	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Computerised tomogram kidney normal	Computerised tomogram kidney normal
Biopsy abdominal wall abnormal	Biopsy abdominal wall abnormal
Biopsy oesophagus abnormal	Biopsy oesophagus abnormal
Tenosynovitis stenosans	Tenosynovitis is the inflammation of the fluid-filled sheath (called the synovium) that surrounds a tendon, typically leading to joint pain, swelling, and stiffness.
Ileocolectomy	Ileocolectomy
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Expanded disability status scale score increased	Expanded disability status scale score increased
Hiatus hernia	A hiatal hernia is a type of hernia in which abdominal organs (typically the stomach) slip through the diaphragm into the middle compartment of the chest.
Pancreatitis viral	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
X-ray limb abnormal	X-ray limb abnormal
Eye symptom	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Cardioactive drug level	Cardioactive drug level
Peak expiratory flow rate abnormal	The peak expiratory flow (PEF), also called peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), is a person's maximum speed of expiration, as measured with a peak flow meter, a small, hand-held device used to monitor a person's ability to breathe out air.
Herpes virus test	Herpes virus test
Keratic precipitates	Keratic precipitates
Varicose vein	Varicose veins are superficial veins that have become enlarged and twisted.
Anti-SRP antibody positive	Anti-SRP antibody positive
Superficial vein prominence	Superficial vein is a vein that is close to the surface of the body.
Burns third degree	Burns third degree
Incorrect disposal of product	Incorrect disposal of product
Mammogram normal	Mammography (also called mastography) is the process of using low-energy X-rays (usually around 30 kVp) to examine the human breast for diagnosis and screening.
Diaphragm muscle weakness	The thoracic diaphragm, or simply the diaphragm (Ancient Greek: διάφραγμα, romanized: diáphragma, lit.
Cholera	Cholera is an infection of the small intestine by some strains of the bacterium Vibrio cholerae.
Stem cell therapy	Stem-cell therapy is the use of stem cells to treat or prevent a disease or condition.Bone marrow transplant is the most widely used stem-cell therapy, but some therapies derived from umbilical cord blood are also in use.
Negativism	Pessimism is a negative or depressed mental attitude in which an undesirable outcome is anticipated from a given situation.
Epidural lipomatosis	Lipomatosis is believed to be an autosomal dominant condition in which multiple lipomas are present on the body.
Thymus enlargement	The thymus is a specialized primary lymphoid organ of the immune system.
Pelvic operation	The pelvis (plural pelves or  pelvises) is either the lower part of the trunk of the human body between the abdomen and the thighs (sometimes also called pelvic region of the trunk) or the skeleton embedded in it (sometimes also called bony pelvis, or pelvic skeleton).
Injection site joint discomfort	Injection site joint discomfort
Exposure via partner	Exposure via partner
Alpha 1 foetoprotein amniotic fluid	Alpha 1 foetoprotein amniotic fluid
Biliary tract disorder	The biliary tract, (biliary tree or biliary system) refers to the liver, gall bladder and bile ducts, and how they work together to make, store and secrete bile.
Soft tissue mass	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Pharyngeal lesion	Pharyngeal lesion
Pulmonary function test normal	Pulmonary function test (PFT)  is a complete evaluation of the respiratory system including patient history, physical examinations, and tests of pulmonary function.
Cardiac resynchronisation therapy	Cardiac resynchronisation therapy (CRT or CRT-P) is the insertion of electrodes in the left and right ventricles of the heart, as well as on occasion the right atrium, to treat heart failure by coordinating the function of the left and right ventricles via a pacemaker, a small device inserted into the interior chest wall.CRT is indicated in patients suffering from a low ejection fraction (typically <35%) indicating heart failure, where electrical activity has been compromised, with prolonged QRS duration to >120 ms.The insertion of electrodes into the ventricles is done under local anesthetic, with access to the ventricles most commonly via the subclavian vein, although access may be conferred from the axillary or cephalic veins.
Skin erosion	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Neuropsychiatric syndrome	Neuropsychiatry is a branch of medicine that deals with mental disorders attributable to diseases of the nervous system.
Iodine allergy	Iodine is a chemical element with the symbol I and atomic number 53.
Urine flow decreased	Urine flow decreased
Internal hernia	Internal hernias occur when there is protrusion of an internal organ into a retroperitoneal fossa or a foramen (congenital or acquired) in the abdominal cavity.
Pregnancy test urine negative	Pregnancy test urine negative
Toe walking	Toe walking refers to a condition where a person walks on their toes without putting much weight on the heel or any other part of the foot.
Diaphragmalgia	Diaphragmalgia
Ultrasound skull normal	Ultrasound skull normal
Ovarian cystectomy	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Nervous system injury	The nervous system is a highly complex part of an animal that coordinates its actions and sensory information by transmitting signals to and from different parts of its body.
Morbid thoughts	A disease is a particular abnormal condition that negatively affects the structure or function of part or all of an organism, and that is not due to any external injury.
External hydrocephalus	The term external is useful for describing certain algebraic structures.
Intercepted product administration error	Intercepted product administration error
Mitral valve prolapse	Mitral valve prolapse (MVP) is a valvular heart disease characterized by the displacement of an abnormally thickened mitral valve leaflet into the left atrium during systole.
Smear cervix	Smear cervix
Atypical mycobacterium test positive	Atypical mycobacterium test positive
Crystalluria	Crystalluria refers to cloudy urine when the cause of cloudiness is due to crystals found in the urine when performing a urine test.
Gastric pH decreased	Gastric pH decreased
Mycosis fungoides	Mycosis fungoides, also known as Alibert-Bazin syndrome or granuloma fungoides, is the most common form of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.
Oesophageal oedema	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Genitourinary symptom	The genitourinary system, or urogenital system, is the organ system of the reproductive organs and the urinary system.
Specialist consultation	A medical speciality is a branch of medical practice that is focused on a defined group of patients, diseases, skills, or philosophy.
Ultrasound joint	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Haematoma evacuation	A hematoma (US spelling) or haematoma (UK spelling) is a localized bleeding outside of blood vessels, due to either disease or trauma including injury or surgery and may involve blood continuing to seep from broken capillaries.
Oropharyngeal swelling	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Endometrial thickening	The endometrium is the inner epithelial layer, along with its mucous membrane, of the mammalian uterus.
Vaccination site scab	Vaccination site scab
Brain tumour operation	A brain tumor occurs when abnormal cells form within the brain.
Vulvovaginal burning sensation	Vulvovaginal burning sensation
Acquired tracheo-oesophageal fistula	Acquired tracheo-oesophageal fistula
Penile wart	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Neuroblastoma	Neuroblastoma (NB) is a type of cancer that forms in certain types of nerve tissue.
Perineal abscess	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Thyroidectomy	A thyroidectomy is an operation that involves the surgical removal of all or part of the thyroid gland.
X-ray of pelvis and hip	X-ray of pelvis and hip
Denture wearer	Dentures (also known as false teeth) are prosthetic devices constructed to replace missing teeth, and are supported by the surrounding soft and hard tissues of the oral cavity.
Lumbar radiculopathy	Sciatica is a health condition characterized by pain going down the leg from the lower back.
White blood cell count normal	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Lesion excision	A lesion is any damage or abnormal change in the tissue of an organism, usually caused by disease or trauma.
Nitrite urine absent	Nitrite urine absent
Product deposit	Product deposit
Scan	Scan
Gluten sensitivity	"Non-celiac gluten sensitivity (NCGS) or gluten sensitivity is defined as ""a clinical entity induced by the ingestion of gluten leading to intestinal and/or extraintestinal symptoms that improve once the gluten-containing foodstuff is removed from the diet, and celiac disease and wheat allergy have been excluded"".NCGS is included in the spectrum of gluten-related disorders."
Muscle oedema	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Central nervous system lupus	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Dumping syndrome	Dumping syndrome occurs when food, especially sugar, moves too quickly from the stomach to the duodenum—the first part of the small intestine—in the upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract.
Glucose tolerance impaired	Prediabetes is the precursor stage before diabetes mellitus in which not all of the symptoms required to diagnose diabetes are present, but blood sugar is abnormally high.
Human chorionic gonadotropin increased	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
Helicobacter gastritis	Helicobacter is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria possessing a characteristic helical shape.
Biopsy placenta	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Testis discomfort	The scrotum is an anatomical male reproductive structure that consists of a suspended dual-chambered sack of skin and smooth muscle that is present in most terrestrial male mammals and located under the penis.
Caffeine consumption	Caffeine is a central nervous system (CNS) stimulant of the methylxanthine class.
Diet noncompliance	Diet noncompliance
Sleep study abnormal	A sleep study is a test that records the activity of the body during sleep.
Terminal state	Terminal state
Jugular vein thrombosis	The jugular veins are veins that take deoxygenated blood from the head back to the heart via the superior vena cava.
Faecal volume decreased	Faecal volume decreased
Babesiosis	Babesiosis is a malaria-like parasitic disease caused by infection with Babesia, a type of Apicomplexa.
Scan normal	Scan normal
Romberg test positive	Romberg's test, Romberg's sign, or the Romberg maneuver is a test used in an exam of neurological function for balance, and also as a test for driving under the influence of an intoxicant.
Chest wall abscess	The thoracic wall or chest wall is the boundary of the thoracic cavity.
Tooth injury	Dental trauma refers to trauma (injury) to the teeth and/or periodontium (gums, periodontal ligament, alveolar bone), and nearby soft tissues such as the lips, tongue, etc.
Oesophageal disorder	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Tonic posturing	Tonic posturing
Venous injury	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Large intestinal polypectomy	Large intestinal polypectomy
Barrett's oesophagus	Barrett's esophagus is a condition in which there is an abnormal (metaplastic) change in the mucosal cells lining the lower portion of the esophagus, from normal stratified squamous epithelium to simple columnar epithelium with interspersed goblet cells that are normally present only in the small intestine, and large intestine.
Cardiac malposition	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Biopsy thyroid gland normal	Biopsy thyroid gland normal
Hepatitis viral test negative	Hepatitis viral test negative
Ruptured cerebral aneurysm	Ruptured cerebral aneurysm
Pelvic discomfort	The pelvis (plural pelves or  pelvises) is either the lower part of the trunk of the human body between the abdomen and the thighs (sometimes also called pelvic region of the trunk) or the skeleton embedded in it (sometimes also called bony pelvis, or pelvic skeleton).
Renal function test	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Disorder of orbit	Disorder of orbit
Perinatal brain damage	Perinatal brain damage
HIV antigen negative	HIV antigen negative
Neutralising antibodies negative	A neutralizing antibody (NAb) is an antibody that defends a cell from an antigen or infectious body by neutralizing any effect it has biologically.
Oral discharge	Oral discharge
Buccal mucosal roughening	Buccal mucosal roughening
Preterm premature rupture of membranes	Preterm premature rupture of membranes
Protrusion tongue	Motion, the process of movement, is described using specific anatomical terms.
Anticoagulation drug level below therapeutic	Anticoagulation drug level below therapeutic
Bronchoalveolar lavage normal	Bronchoalveolar lavage (BAL) [not to be confused with bronchial washing], is a medical procedure in which a bronchoscope is passed through the mouth or nose into the lungs and fluid is squirted into a small part of the lung and then collected for examination.
Injection site dysaesthesia	Injection site dysaesthesia
Product physical issue	Product physical issue
Repetitive strain injury	"A repetitive strain injury (RSI), is a category of injuries ""to the musculoskeletal and nervous systems that may be caused by repetitive tasks, forceful exertions, vibrations, mechanical compression, or sustained or awkward positions""."
Respiratory syncytial virus test negative	Respiratory syncytial virus test negative
Catheter site infection	Catheter site infection
Adrenal atrophy	The adrenal glands (also known as suprarenal glands) are endocrine glands that produce a variety of hormones including adrenaline and the steroids aldosterone and cortisol.
Viral titre	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
House dust allergy	Dust is made of fine particles of solid matter.
Glioblastoma	Glioblastoma, also known as glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), is the most aggressive cancer that begins within the brain.
Hallucination, tactile	Hallucination, tactile
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal normal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal normal
Blood copper decreased	Blood copper decreased
Scrotal pain	Testicular pain, also known as scrotal pain,  occurs when part or all of either one or both testicles hurt.
Product origin unknown	Product origin unknown
Vaginal dysplasia	"Dysplasia (from Ancient Greek δυσ- dys-,  ""bad"" or ""difficult"" and πλάσις plasis, ""formation"") is an abnormal growth or development of cells (microscopic scale) and/or organs (macroscopic scale), and/or the abnormal histology or anatomical structure presumably resulting from such growth."
Corynebacterium test negative	Corynebacterium test negative
Orbital apex syndrome	Orbital apex syndrome, is a collection of cranial nerve deficits associated with a mass lesion near the apex of the orbit of the eye.
Arterial stenosis	An artery (plural arteries) (from Greek  ἀρτηρία (artēria), meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that takes blood  away from the heart to all parts of the body (tissues, lungs, etc.).
Hepatic cyst	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Hepatitis viral test positive	Hepatitis viral test positive
Submaxillary gland enlargement	The paired submandibular glands (historically known as submaxillary glands) are major salivary glands located beneath the floor of the mouth.
Product package associated injury	Product package associated injury
Breast injury	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
Product physical consistency issue	Product physical consistency issue
Dermatofibroma removal	A dermatofibroma, or benign fibrous histiocytomas, is a benign skin growth.
Scrotal swelling	The scrotum is an anatomical male reproductive structure that consists of a suspended dual-chambered sack of skin and smooth muscle that is present in most terrestrial male mammals and located under the penis.
CSF monocyte count decreased	CSF monocyte count decreased
Type V hyperlipidaemia	Type V hyperlipidaemia
Wrist fracture	A distal radius fracture, also known as wrist fracture, is a break of the part of the radius bone which is close to the wrist.
Lung cancer metastatic	Lung cancer, also known as lung carcinoma, is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung.
Tongue dry	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Protein urine absent	Protein urine absent
Vaccination site ulcer	Vaccination site ulcer
Postmenopause	Menopause, also known as the climacteric, is the time in most women's lives when menstrual periods stop permanently, and they are no longer able to bear children.
Gastrointestinal scan	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Tilt table test	A tilt table test (TTT), occasionally called upright tilt testing (UTT), is a medical procedure often used to diagnose dysautonomia or syncope.
Congenital syphilitic osteochondritis	Congenital syphilitic osteochondritis
Dyslipidaemia	Dyslipidemia is an abnormal amount of lipids (e.g.
Shoulder operation	The human shoulder is made up of three bones: the clavicle (collarbone), the scapula (shoulder blade), and the humerus (upper arm bone) as well as associated muscles, ligaments and tendons.
Ear infection staphylococcal	Otitis is a general term for inflammation or inflammation of the ear, in both humans and other animals.
Human chorionic gonadotropin abnormal	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
Oesophageal pain	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Human chorionic gonadotropin decreased	Human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) is a hormone produced by the placenta after implantation.
Saliva discolouration	Saliva is an extracellular fluid produced and secreted by salivary glands in the mouth.
Eczema eyelids	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Tinea capitis	"Tinea capitis (also known as ""herpes tonsurans"", ""ringworm of the hair"", ""ringworm of the scalp"", ""scalp ringworm"", and ""tinea tonsurans"") is a cutaneous fungal infection (dermatophytosis) of the scalp."
Anaplastic lymphoma kinase gene mutation	Anaplastic lymphoma kinase gene mutation
Leiomyosarcoma	Leiomyosarcoma,  is a malignant (cancerous) smooth muscle tumor.
Congenital thrombocyte disorder	Congenital thrombocyte disorder
Dental discomfort	Dental discomfort
Immune tolerance induction	Immune tolerance, or immunological tolerance, or immunotolerance, is a state of unresponsiveness of the immune system to substances or tissue that have the capacity to elicit an immune response in given organism.
Electrocardiogram PQ interval prolonged	Electrocardiogram PQ interval prolonged
Nasal mucosal disorder	Nasal mucosal disorder
Saliva altered	Saliva is an extracellular fluid produced and secreted by salivary glands in the mouth.
Genital labial adhesions	Genital labial adhesions
Renal hypertension	Renovascular hypertension is a condition in which high blood pressure is caused by the kidneys' hormonal response to narrowing of the arteries supplying the kidneys.
Prostatic specific antigen decreased	Prostate-specific antigen (PSA), also known as gamma-seminoprotein or kallikrein-3 (KLK3), is a glycoprotein enzyme encoded in humans by the KLK3 gene.
Provisional tic disorder	Provisional tic disorder
Ectopic kidney	Ectopic kidney describes a kidney that is not located in its usual position.
Spinal disorder	Spinal disorder
Device alarm issue	Device alarm issue
Herpes simplex encephalitis	Herpesviral encephalitis, or herpes simplex encephalitis (HSE), is encephalitis due to herpes simplex virus.
Chorioretinal scar	The choroid, also known as the choroidea or choroid coat, is the vascular layer of the eye, containing connective tissues, and lying between the retina and the sclera.
Tympanic membrane perforation	A perforated eardrum is a hole in the eardrum which can occur as a result of otitis media (ear infection), trauma (e.g.
Dilated pores	Dilated pores
Respiratory tract inflammation	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
B-lymphocyte abnormalities	B cells, also known as B lymphocytes, are a type of white blood cell of the small lymphocyte subtype.
Fear of falling	The fear of falling (FOF), also referred to as basophobia (or basiphobia), is a natural fear and is typical of most humans and mammals, in varying degrees of extremity.
Appendix cancer	Appendix cancer are very rare cancers of the vermiform appendix.
Synovial disorder	Synovial fluid, also called synovia,[help 1] is a viscous, non-Newtonian fluid found in the cavities of synovial joints.
Anal ulcer	An anal fissure is a break or tear in the skin of the anal canal.
Refusal of treatment by patient	Refusal of treatment by patient
Pneumonia moraxella	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Gastroenteritis Escherichia coli	Gastroenteritis Escherichia coli
Biopsy bone	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Neovascular age-related macular degeneration	Neovascular age-related macular degeneration
Tendon injury	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Central nervous system function test	Central nervous system function test
Uterine contractions during pregnancy	Uterine contractions during pregnancy
Giardia test	Giardia ( or ) is a genus of anaerobic flagellated protozoan parasites of the phylum metamonada that colonise and reproduce in the small intestines of several vertebrates, causing giardiasis.
Staphylococcus test negative	Staphylococcus test negative
Mitral valve repair	Mitral valve repair is a cardiac surgery procedure performed by cardiac surgeons to treat stenosis (narrowing) or regurgitation (leakage) of the mitral valve.
Anterior chamber fibrin	The anterior chamber (AC) is the aqueous humor-filled space inside the eye between the iris and the cornea's innermost surface, the endothelium.
Arthritis viral	Arthritis is a term often used to mean any disorder that affects joints.
Hypercoagulation	Hypercoagulation
Keratoconus	Keratoconus (KC) is a disorder of the eye which results in progressive thinning of the cornea.
Prostatic specific antigen normal	Prostate-specific antigen (PSA), also known as gamma-seminoprotein or kallikrein-3 (KLK3), is a glycoprotein enzyme encoded in humans by the KLK3 gene.
Appendix disorder	Appendix disorder
Renal failure neonatal	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Cryptococcus test positive	Cryptococcus test positive
Product closure removal difficult	Product closure removal difficult
Visual acuity tests normal	Visual acuity tests normal
Intraventricular haemorrhage	Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), also known as intraventricular bleeding, is a bleeding into the brain's ventricular system, where the cerebrospinal fluid is produced and circulates through towards the subarachnoid space.
Product quality control issue	Product quality control issue
Adnexa uteri mass	The uterine appendages (or adnexa of uterus) are the structures most closely related structurally and functionally to the uterus.
Ballismus	Hemiballismus or hemiballism in its unilateral form is a very rare movement disorder.
Pyogenic granuloma	Pyogenic granuloma or pyogenic fibroma is a vascular lesion that occurs on both mucosa and skin, and appears as an overgrowth of tissue due to irritation, physical trauma, or hormonal factors.
High risk pregnancy	Complications of pregnancy are health problems that are related to pregnancy.
Instillation site vesicles	Instillation site vesicles
Product commingling	Product commingling
Factor VIII deficiency	Haemophilia A (or hemophilia A) is a genetic deficiency in clotting factor VIII, which causes increased bleeding and usually affects males.
Metabolic function test abnormal	Metabolic function test abnormal
Hepatitis A virus test	Hepatitis A is an infectious disease of the liver caused by Hepatovirus A (HAV).
Therapy change	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Supraventricular extrasystoles	Supraventricular extrasystoles
Painful erection	An erection (clinically: penile erection or penile tumescence) is a physiological phenomenon in which the penis becomes firm, engorged, and enlarged.
Drug withdrawal syndrome	Drug withdrawal is the group of symptoms that occur upon the abrupt discontinuation or decrease in intake of medications or recreational drugs.
Heart valve incompetence	A heart valve normally allows blood to flow in only one direction through the heart.
Vessel puncture site erythema	Vessel puncture site erythema
Inner ear disorder	The inner ear (internal ear, auris interna) is the innermost part of the vertebrate ear.
Multimorbidity	Multiple morbidities or Multimorbidities means co-occurring diseases.
Infected bite	Infected bite
Fluid overload	Hypervolemia, also known as fluid overload, is the medical condition where there is too much fluid in the blood.
Peripheral nerve infection	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Vaginal mucosal blistering	Vaginal mucosal blistering
Computerised tomogram pelvis	Computerised tomogram pelvis
Sensation of blood flow	Sensation of blood flow
Vulva cyst	The vulva (plural vulvas or vulvae; derived from Latin for wrapper or covering) consists of the external female sex organs.
Vocal cord disorder	The vocal cords, also known as vocal folds, are folds of tissue in the throat that are key in creating sounds through vocalization.
Palatal swelling	The palate  is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals.
Brain stem glioma	A brainstem glioma is a cancerous glioma tumor in the brainstem.
Victim of child abuse	Victim of child abuse
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation	Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), also known as extracorporeal life support (ECLS), is an extracorporeal technique of providing prolonged cardiac and respiratory support to persons whose heart and lungs are unable to provide an adequate amount of gas exchange or perfusion to sustain life.
Repetitive speech	Repetitive speech
Ovarian germ cell teratoma benign	Ovarian germ cell teratoma benign
Idiopathic angioedema	An idiopathic disease is any disease with an unknown cause or mechanism of apparent spontaneous origin.
Sensation of pressure	Sensation of pressure
Ultrasound Doppler abnormal	Ultrasound Doppler abnormal
Benign neoplasm of bladder	Benign neoplasm of bladder
Eye naevus	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Skeletal survey abnormal	A skeletal survey (also called a bone survey) is a series of X-rays of all the bones in the body, or at least the axial skeleton and the large cortical bones.
Blood beryllium increased	Blood beryllium increased
Hepatitis B virus test	Hepatitis B virus, abbreviated HBV, is a partially double-stranded DNA virus, a species of the genus Orthohepadnavirus and a member of the Hepadnaviridae family of viruses.
Menometrorrhagia	Menometrorrhagia is a condition in which prolonged or excessive uterine bleeding occurs irregularly and more frequently than normal.
Xanthopsia	Xanthopsia is a color vision deficiency in which there is a predominance of yellow in vision due to a yellowing of the optical media of the eye.
Shock hypoglycaemic	Shock hypoglycaemic
Radiculitis cervical	"Radicular pain, or radiculitis, is pain ""radiated"" along the dermatome (sensory distribution) of a nerve due to inflammation or other irritation of the nerve root (radiculopathy) at its connection to the spinal column."
Autologous bone marrow transplantation therapy	Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is the transplantation of multipotent hematopoietic stem cells, usually derived from bone marrow, peripheral blood, or umbilical cord blood.
Epidermoid cyst excision	An epidermoid cyst or epidermal inclusion cyst is a benign cyst usually found on the skin.
Blood copper increased	Blood copper increased
Foetal heart rate	Foetal heart rate
Papilloma	A papilloma (plural papillomas or papillomata) (papillo- + -oma) is a benign epithelial tumor growing exophytically (outwardly projecting) in nipple-like and often finger-like fronds.
Anal sphincterotomy	Anal sphincterotomy is a surgical procedure that involves treating mucosal fissures from the anal canal/sphincter.
Exposure to body fluid	Exposure to body fluid
Limb operation	Limb operation
Double cortex syndrome	"Pachygyria (from the Greek ""pachy"" meaning ""thick"" or ""fat"" gyri) is a congenital malformation of the cerebral hemisphere."
Electrocardiogram PR interval	Electrocardiogram PR interval
Respiratory syncytial virus test	The virus, human respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV), a member of the species Human orthopneumovirus (formerly Human respiratory syncytial virus), is a syncytial virus that causes respiratory tract infections.
Erdheim-Chester disease	Erdheim–Chester disease  is a rare disease characterized by the abnormal multiplication of a specific type of white blood cells called histiocytes, or tissue macrophages (technically, this disease is termed a non-Langerhans-cell histiocytosis).
Application site irritation	Application site irritation
Reflexes abnormal	A reflex, or reflex action, is an involuntary and nearly instantaneous movement in response to a stimulus.
Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults	Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) is a form of diabetes mellitus type 1 that occurs in adulthood, often with a slower course of onset than type 1 diabetes diagnosed in juveniles.
Glucose urine	Glucose is a simple sugar with the molecular formula C6H12O6.
Transient acantholytic dermatosis	Grover's disease (GD) is a polymorphic, pruritic, papulovesicular dermatosis characterized histologically by acantholysis with or without dyskeratosis.
Cold-stimulus headache	A cold-stimulus headache, colloquially known as an ice-cream headache or brain freeze, is a form of brief pain or headache commonly associated with consumption (particularly quick consumption) of cold beverages or foods such as ice cream and ice pops.
Spontaneous penile erection	Spontaneous penile erection
Follicular mucinosis	"Alopecia mucinosa (also known as ""Follicular mucinosis,"" ""Mucinosis follicularis"", ""Pinkus’ follicular mucinosis,"" and ""Pinkus’ follicular mucinosis–benign primary form"") is a skin disorder that generally presents, but not exclusively, as erythematous plaques or flat patches without hair primarily on the scalp, neck and face."
Mass excision	Mass is an extensive property of a physical body.
Medial tibial stress syndrome	A shin splint is pain along the inside edge of the shinbone (tibia) due to inflammation of tissue in the area.
Urinary system x-ray normal	Urinary system x-ray normal
Dental implantation	A dental implant (also known as an endosseous implant or fixture) is a surgical component that interfaces with the bone of the jaw or skull to support a dental prosthesis such as a crown, bridge, denture, facial prosthesis or to act as an orthodontic anchor.
Pierre Robin syndrome	Pierre Robin sequence (; abbreviated PRS) is a congenital defect observed in humans which is characterized by facial abnormalities.
Hypoplastic anaemia	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Foetal heart rate deceleration	Foetal heart rate deceleration
Urinary tract pain	The urinary system, also known as the renal system or urinary tract, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
Reaction to food additive	Reaction to food additive
Forced expiratory volume abnormal	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Swollen tear duct	Swollen tear duct
Heavy exposure to ultraviolet light	Heavy exposure to ultraviolet light
Hyperinsulinism	Hyperinsulinism refers to an above normal level of insulin in the blood of a person or animal.
Central auditory processing disorder	Auditory processing disorder, rarely known as King-Kopetzky syndrome or auditory disability with normal hearing (ADN), is an umbrella term for a variety of disorders that affect the way the brain processes auditory information.
Trance	Trance is an abnormal state of wakefulness in which a person is not self-aware and is either altogether unresponsive to external stimuli (but nevertheless capable of pursuing and realizing an aim) or is selectively responsive in following the directions of the person (if any) who has induced the trance.
Latent tuberculosis	Latent tuberculosis (LTB), also called latent tuberculosis infection (LTBI) is when a person is infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis, but does not have active tuberculosis.
White blood cells stool positive	White blood cells stool positive
Labour pain	Childbirth, also known as labour and delivery, is the ending of pregnancy where one or more babies leaves a woman's uterus by passing through the vagina or by Caesarean section.
Expressive language disorder	Expressive language disorder is a communication disorder in which there are difficulties with verbal and written expression.
Myocarditis infectious	Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation of the heart muscle.
Granulomatous dermatitis	A granuloma is a structure formed during inflammation that is found in many diseases.
Foreign body in eye	Foreign body in eye
Extranodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma (MALT type)	Extranodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma (MALT type)
Tongue operation	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Pharyngeal mass	Pharyngeal mass
Haemorrhoid operation	Hemorrhoids, also called piles, are vascular structures in the anal canal.
Necrotising herpetic retinopathy	Necrotising herpetic retinopathy
Insulin resistant diabetes	Insulin resistant diabetes
Oral fungal infection	Oral fungal infection
Biopsy stomach normal	Biopsy stomach normal
Electrocardiogram repolarisation abnormality	Electrocardiogram repolarisation abnormality
Oesophageal discomfort	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Ectopic pregnancy termination	Ectopic pregnancy is a complication of pregnancy in which the embryo attaches outside the uterus.
Hepatic haematoma	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Viral uveitis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Vascular test normal	Vascular test normal
Alcoholism	Alcoholism, also known as alcohol use disorder (AUD), is a broad term for any drinking of alcohol that results in mental or physical health problems.
Haematocrit increased	The hematocrit () (Ht or HCT), also known by several other names, is a blood test that measures the volume percentage (vol%) of red blood cells (RBC) in blood.
Cogwheel rigidity	Hypokinesia refers to decreased bodily movement.
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease	Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (CJD), also known as classic Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease, is a fatal degenerative brain disorder.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy	Hyperbaric medicine is medical treatment in which an ambient pressure greater than sea level atmospheric pressure is a necessary component.
Incubator therapy	Incubator therapy
Vascular neoplasm	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Coccidioidomycosis	Coccidioidomycosis (, kok-sid-ee-oy-doh-my-KOH-sis), commonly known as cocci, Valley fever, as well as California fever, desert rheumatism, and San Joaquin Valley fever, is a mammalian fungal disease caused by Coccidioides immitis or Coccidioides posadasii.
Gastric hypermotility	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Nasal flaring	The human nose is the most protruding part of the face.
Herpes simplex ophthalmic	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Ultrasound bladder	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Intestinal cyst	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Pulmonary aplasia	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Splenic haematoma	The spleen is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates.
Blood catecholamines normal	Blood catecholamines normal
Optic discs blurred	Optic discs blurred
Carbon dioxide normal	Carbon dioxide (chemical formula CO2) is a colorless gas with a density about 60% higher than that of dry air.
Rectal cancer	Colorectal cancer (CRC), also known as bowel cancer and colon cancer, is the development of cancer from the colon or rectum (parts of the large intestine).
Hypoaesthesia teeth	Hypoesthesia is a common side effect of various medical conditions which manifests as a reduced sense of touch or sensation, or a partial loss of sensitivity to sensory stimuli.
Muscle enzyme	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Genital abscess	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Oligohydramnios	Oligohydramnios is a condition in pregnancy characterized by a deficiency of amniotic fluid.
Macrosomia	Large for gestational age (LGA) is an indication of high prenatal growth rate.
Respiratory disorder neonatal	Respiratory disease, or lung disease, is a medical term that encompasses pathological conditions affecting the organs and tissues that make gas exchange difficult in air-breathing animals.
Rectal tenesmus	Rectal tenesmus is a feeling of incomplete defecation.
Tendon calcification	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Shigella test positive	Shigella test positive
Pigmentation lip	A pigment is a material that changes the color of reflected or transmitted light as the result of wavelength-selective absorption.
Cholelithotomy	Cholelithotomy
Jejunostomy	Jejunostomy is the surgical creation of an opening (stoma) through the skin at the front of the abdomen and the wall of the jejunum (part of the small intestine).
Use of accessory respiratory muscles	Use of accessory respiratory muscles
ECG signs of ventricular hypertrophy	ECG signs of ventricular hypertrophy
Rett's disorder	Rett syndrome (RTT) is a genetic brain disorder that typically becomes apparent after 6 to 18 months of age in females.
Pericardial drainage	There are two pericardial sinuses: transverse and oblique.
Femoral hernia repair	Femoral hernias occur just below the inguinal ligament, when abdominal contents pass through a naturally occurring weakness in the abdominal wall called the femoral canal.
Transplant rejection	Transplant rejection occurs when transplanted tissue is rejected by the recipient's immune system, which destroys the transplanted tissue.
Blood calcium abnormal	Calcium ions (Ca2+) contribute to the physiology and biochemistry of organisms and the cell.
Tympanic membrane hyperaemia	Not to be confused with the secondary tympanic membrane of the round windowIn the anatomy of humans and various other tetrapods, the eardrum, also called the tympanic membrane or myringa, is a thin, cone-shaped membrane that separates the external ear from the middle ear.
Scleral haemorrhage	Scleral haemorrhage
Supportive care	Symptomatic treatment is any medical therapy of a disease that only affects its symptoms, not its cause, i.e., its etiology.
Lipoma excision	A lipoma is a benign tumor made of fat tissue.
Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy	Hypertrophic osteoarthropathy is a medical condition combining clubbing and periostitis of the small hand joints, especially the distal interphalangeal joints and the metacarpophalangeal joints.
Foetal malposition	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Endoscopy gastrointestinal	An endoscopy (looking inside) is used in medicine to look inside the body.
Ovarian necrosis	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Endometrial hypertrophy	The endometrium is the inner epithelial layer, along with its mucous membrane, of the mammalian uterus.
Embolic cerebral infarction	Embolic cerebral infarction
Anti-IA2 antibody	Anti-IA2 antibody
Anti-insulin antibody	Anti-insulin antibody
Infantile apnoeic attack	Infantile apnoeic attack
Infertility tests	Infertility is the inability of a person, animal or plant to reproduce by natural means.
Nasal cavity packing	The nasal cavity is a large, air-filled space above and behind the nose in the middle of the face.
CSF polymorphonuclear cell count increased	CSF polymorphonuclear cell count increased
Ear lobe infection	The human earlobe (lobulus auriculae) is composed of tough areolar and adipose connective tissues, lacking the firmness and elasticity of the rest of the auricle (the external structure of the ear).
Coombs test positive	A Coombs test (also known as antiglobulin test or AGT) is either of two clinical blood tests used in immunohematology and immunology.
Biopsy thyroid gland	Biopsy thyroid gland
Skull X-ray normal	Skull X-ray normal
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal cord normal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal cord normal
Coxsackie virus test positive	Coxsackie virus test positive
Blast cells absent	In cell biology, a precursor cell, also called a blast cell or simply blast, is a partially differentiated cell, usually referred to as a unipotent cell that has lost most of its stem cell properties.
Therapy responder	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Lip haematoma	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Spinal column injury	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
VIIIth nerve injury	VIIIth nerve injury
Mitral valve disease	Mitral regurgitation (MR),  mitral insufficiency, or mitral incompetence, is a form of valvular heart disease in which the mitral valve does not close properly when the heart pumps out blood.
Tracheal ulcer	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Small for dates baby	Small for dates baby
Post-tussive vomiting	Post-tussive vomiting
Freezing phenomenon	Freezing is a phase transition where a liquid turns into a solid when its temperature is lowered below its freezing point.
Myalgia intercostal	Myalgia, or muscle pain, is a symptom that presents with a large array of diseases.
Red blood cell sedimentation rate	Red blood cell sedimentation rate
Crystal urine present	Crystal urine present
Keratitis herpetic	Keratitis is a condition in  which the eye's cornea, the clear dome on the front surface of the eye, becomes inflamed.
Bronchial irritation	A bronchus is a passage or airway in the respiratory system that conducts air into the lungs.
Respiratory tract irritation	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Biopsy thymus gland abnormal	Biopsy thymus gland abnormal
Mitochondrial myopathy	Mitochondrial myopathies are types of myopathies associated with mitochondrial disease.
Vaginitis bacterial	Vaginitis, also known as vulvovaginitis, is inflammation of the vagina and vulva.
Oral papule	Oral papule
Drug rash with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms	Drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms (DRESS), also termed drug-induced hypersensitivity syndrome (DIHS), is a rare reaction to certain medications.
Postpartum state	A postpartum (or postnatal) period begins immediately after the birth of a child as the mother's body, including hormone levels and uterus size, returns to a non-pregnant state.
Cardioactive drug level decreased	Cardioactive drug level decreased
External ear disorder	The outer ear, external ear, or auris externa is the external portion of the ear, which consists of the auricle (also pinna) and the ear canal .
Spinal cord injury	A spinal cord injury (SCI) is damage to the spinal cord that causes temporary or permanent changes in its function.
Simple partial seizures	Focal seizures (also called partial seizures and localized seizures) are seizures which affect initially only one hemisphere of the brain.
Refusal of treatment by relative	Refusal of treatment by relative
Testicular operation	Testicle or testis is the male reproductive gland or gonad in all animals, including humans.
Ketonuria	Ketonuria is a medical condition in which ketone bodies are present in the urine.
Biopsy pancreas abnormal	Biopsy pancreas abnormal
Coagulation factor V level normal	Coagulation factor V level normal
Sickle cell anaemia with crisis	Sickle cell anaemia with crisis
Premenstrual syndrome	Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) refers to physical and emotional symptoms that occur in the one to two weeks before a woman's period.
Joint sprain	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Tympanometry	Tympanometry is an examination used to test the condition of the middle ear and mobility of the eardrum (tympanic membrane) and the conduction bones by creating variations of air pressure in the ear canal.
Cerebral ventriculogram	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Pharyngeal ulceration	Pharyngeal ulceration
Blepharal papilloma	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Foetal heart rate normal	Foetal heart rate normal
Normal newborn	Normal newborn
HIV antigen	The human immunodeficiency viruses (HIV) are two species of Lentivirus (a subgroup of retrovirus) that causes HIV infection and over time acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
Belligerence	A belligerent (lat.
Refraction disorder	In physics, refraction is the change in direction of a wave passing from one medium to another or from a gradual change in the medium.
Pupillary light reflex tests normal	Pupillary light reflex tests normal
Drug level	A drug is any substance that causes a change in an organism's physiology or psychology when consumed.Drugs are typically distinguished from food and substances that provide nutritional support.
Failed trial of labour	Failed trial of labour
Cardiac pharmacologic stress test	Cardiac pharmacologic stress test
Apolipoprotein C	In the field of molecular biology, apolipoprotein C is a family of four low molecular weight apolipoproteins, designated as C-I, C-II, C-III, and C-IV that are surface components of chylomicrons, VLDL, and HDL.
Venous insufficiency	Varicose veins are superficial veins that have become enlarged and twisted.
Ear operation	The ear is the organ of hearing and, in mammals, balance.
Carbohydrate intolerance	Glucose-galactose malabsorption is a rare condition in which the cells lining the intestine cannot take in the sugars glucose and galactose, which prevents proper digestion of these molecules and larger molecules made from them.
Brain lobectomy	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Stress echocardiogram normal	Stress echocardiogram normal
Fasciectomy	Fasciotomy or fasciectomy is a surgical procedure where the fascia is cut to relieve tension or pressure commonly to treat the resulting loss of circulation to an area of tissue or muscle.
Incision site erythema	Incision site erythema
Lipase	A lipase (, ) is any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of fats (lipids).
Spirometry	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Small intestinal resection	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Oesophageal spasm	"Esophageal spasm is a disorder of motility of the esophagus.There are two types of esophageal spasm:
Diffuse or distal esophageal spasm (DES), where there is uncoordinated esophageal contractions
Nutcracker esophagus (NE) also known as hypertensive peristalsis, where the contractions are coordinated but with an excessive amplitude.Both conditions are linked to gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)."
Inclusion body myositis	Inclusion body myositis (IBM) [my-oh-SIGH-tis] (sometimes called sporadic inclusion body myositis, sIBM) is the most common inflammatory muscle disease in older adults.
Skull malformation	The skull is a bony structure that forms the head in vertebrates.
Cystoscopy normal	Cystoscopy is endoscopy of the urinary bladder via the urethra.
Orthosis user	Orthotics (Greek: Ορθός, romanized: ortho, lit.
Blood oestrogen increased	Blood oestrogen increased
Carnitine	Carnitine (β-hydroxy-γ-N-trimethylaminobutyric acid, 3-hydroxy-4-N,N,N-trimethylaminobutyrate) is a quaternary ammonium compound involved in metabolism in most mammals, plants, and some bacteria.
Pancreas infection	The pancreas is an organ of the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
Newcastle disease	Virulent Newcastle disease (VND), formerly exotic Newcastle disease, is a contagious viral avian disease affecting many domestic and wild bird species; it is transmissible to humans.
Kleihauer-Betke test	"The Kleihauer–Betke (""KB"") test, Kleihauer–Betke (""KB"") stain, Kleihauer test or Acid elution test, is a blood test used to measure the amount of fetal hemoglobin transferred from a fetus to a mother's bloodstream."
Tracheostomy	Tracheotomy (, UK also ), or tracheostomy, is a surgical procedure which consists of making an incision (cut) on the anterior aspect (front) of the neck and opening a direct airway through an incision in the trachea (windpipe).
Microalbuminuria	Microalbuminuria is a term to describe a moderate increase in the level of urine albumin.
Lagophthalmos	Lagophthalmos is the inability to close the eyelids completely.Blinking covers the eye with a thin layer of tear fluid, thereby promoting a moist environment necessary for the cells of the exterior part of the eye.
Virus culture	Viral culture is a laboratory test in which samples are placed with a cell type that the virus being tested for is able to infect.
Skin odour abnormal	Skin odour abnormal
Oesophagitis ulcerative	"Esophagitis (British spelling oesophagitis) (Greek οἰσοφάγος ""gullet"" and -itis ""inflammation"") is a disease characterized by inflammation of the esophagus."
Tachycardia foetal	Tachycardia, also called tachyarrhythmia, is a heart rate that exceeds the normal resting rate.
Diaphragmatic disorder	The thoracic diaphragm, or simply the diaphragm (Ancient Greek: διάφραγμα, romanized: diáphragma, lit.
Metamorphopsia	Metamorphopsia is a type of distorted vision in which a grid of straight lines appears wavy and parts of the grid may appear blank.
Vaccinia test positive	Vaccinia test positive
Blood human chorionic gonadotropin abnormal	Blood human chorionic gonadotropin abnormal
Reflux oesophagitis	Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), also known as acid reflux, is a long-term condition in which stomach contents rise up into the esophagus, resulting in either symptoms or complications.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal cord abnormal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal cord abnormal
Biopsy small intestine	Biopsy small intestine
Ovarian cyst ruptured	An ovarian cyst is a fluid-filled sac within the ovary.
Ruptured ectopic pregnancy	Ruptured ectopic pregnancy
Dependence on enabling machine or device	Dependence on enabling machine or device
Dyslexia	Dyslexia, also known as reading disorder, is characterized by trouble with reading despite normal intelligence.
Underweight	An underweight person is a type of person whose body weight is considered too low to be healthy.
Low density lipoprotein increased	Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoprotein which transport all fat molecules around the body in the extracellular water.
Metabolic syndrome	Metabolic syndrome, sometimes known by other names, is a clustering of at least three of the five following medical conditions: central obesity, high blood pressure, high blood sugar, high serum triglycerides, and low serum high-density lipoprotein (HDL).
Scintillating scotoma	Scintillating scotoma is a common visual aura that was first described by 19th-century physician Hubert Airy (1838–1903).
Tourniquet application	A tourniquet is a device which applies pressure to a limb or extremity so as to limit – but not stop – the flow of blood.
Infectious disease carrier	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Epidermolysis bullosa	Epidermolysis bullosa (EB) is a group of rare genetic conditions that result in easy blistering of the skin and mucous membranes.
Galactostasis	Galactostasis
Myeloma recurrence	Multiple myeloma (MM), also known as plasma cell myeloma, is a cancer of plasma cells, a type of white blood cell which normally produces antibodies.
Infusion site cellulitis	Infusion site cellulitis
Vaginismus	Vaginismus is a condition in which involuntary muscle spasm prevents vaginal penetration.
Tongue exfoliation	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Vaginal odour	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Maternal condition affecting foetus	Maternal condition affecting foetus
Tracheal oedema	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Oesophageal ulcer	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Exposure to allergen	Exposure to allergen
Tracheal pain	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Fight in school	Fight in school
Large intestinal obstruction reduction	Large intestinal obstruction reduction
Electrocardiogram poor R-wave progression	Electrocardiogram poor R-wave progression
Congenital torticollis	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
CSF immunoglobulin	CSF immunoglobulin
Scleral discolouration	Scleral discolouration
Thyroid function test abnormal	Thyroid function tests (TFTs) is a collective term for blood tests used to check the function of the thyroid.TFTs may be requested if a patient is thought to suffer from hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) or hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), or to monitor the effectiveness of either thyroid-suppression or hormone replacement therapy.
Orthopedic examination	Orthopedic surgery or orthopedics, also spelled orthopaedics, is the branch of surgery concerned with conditions involving the musculoskeletal system.
Erosive oesophagitis	In earth science, erosion is the action of surface processes (such as water flow or wind) that removes soil, rock, or dissolved material from one location on the Earth's crust, and then transports it to another location (not to be confused with weathering which involves no movement).
X-ray of pelvis and hip normal	X-ray of pelvis and hip normal
Psychiatric evaluation	Psychological assessment is defined as a way of assessing an individual's cognitive, academic, behavioral, social-emotional, and adaptive functioning.
Biopsy chorionic villous	Biopsy chorionic villous
Viral DNA test positive	Viral DNA test positive
Computerised tomogram coronary artery	Computerised tomogram coronary artery
Pulmonary valve stenosis	Pulmonary valve stenosis (PVS) is a heart valve disorder.
Flow cytometry	Flow cytometry is a technique used to detect and measure physical and chemical characteristics of a population of cells or particles.
Reocclusion	Reocclusion
Foetal non-stress test	Foetal non-stress test
Biotin deficiency	Biotin deficiency is a rare nutritional disorder which can become serious, even fatal, if allowed to progress untreated.
Biopsy endometrium normal	Biopsy endometrium normal
Cell marker	The cluster of differentiation (also known as cluster of designation or classification determinant and often abbreviated as CD) is a protocol used for the identification and investigation of cell surface molecules providing targets for immunophenotyping of cells.
Change in sustained attention	Change in sustained attention
Pregnancy induced hypertension	Gestational hypertension or pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) is the development of new hypertension in a pregnant woman after 20 weeks' gestation without the presence of protein in the urine or other signs of pre-eclampsia.
Varicella zoster virus serology positive	Varicella zoster virus serology positive
Glucose tolerance test normal	The glucose tolerance test is a medical test in which glucose is given and blood samples taken afterward to determine how quickly it is cleared from the blood.
Immunodeficiency common variable	Immunodeficiency common variable
Breast cancer in situ	Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), also known as intraductal carcinoma, is a pre-cancerous or non-invasive cancerous lesion of the breast.
Strawberry tongue	Glossitis can mean soreness of the tongue, or more usually inflammation with depapillation of the dorsal surface of the tongue (loss of the lingual papillae), leaving a smooth and erythematous (reddened) surface, (sometimes specifically termed atrophic glossitis).
Parasite blood test	Parasite blood test
Encephalitis post varicella	Encephalitis post varicella
Full blood count decreased	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Blood gonadotrophin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Tooth loss	Tooth loss is a process in which one or more teeth come loose and fall out.
Mycoplasma serology positive	Mycoplasma serology positive
Viral DNA test negative	Viral DNA test negative
West Nile virus test positive	West Nile virus test positive
Post procedural complication	Post procedural complication
Hypotrichosis	Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body.
Blood caffeine	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Bilirubin conjugated abnormal	Bilirubin conjugated abnormal
Chemical eye injury	Chemical eye injury  are due to either an acidic or alkali substance getting in the eye.
Cytomegalovirus serology	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Blood urea abnormal	Blood urea abnormal
Lower extremity mass	The human leg, in the general word sense, is the entire lower limb of the human body, including the foot, thigh and even the hip or gluteal region.
Tongue spasm	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Foetal-maternal haemorrhage	Fetal-maternal haemorrhage is the loss of fetal blood cells into the maternal circulation.
Traumatic brain injury	Traumatic brain injury (TBI), also known as intracranial injury, occurs when an external force injures the brain.
Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal aureus test positive	Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal aureus test positive
Peak expiratory flow rate decreased	The peak expiratory flow (PEF), also called peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), is a person's maximum speed of expiration, as measured with a peak flow meter, a small, hand-held device used to monitor a person's ability to breathe out air.
Speech rehabilitation	Speech is human vocal communication using language.
Visual field tests	"The visual field is the ""spatial array of visual sensations available to observation in introspectionist psychological experiments"".The equivalent concept for optical instruments and image sensors is the field of view (FOV)."
IVth nerve disorder	IVth nerve disorder
Peripartum cardiomyopathy	Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of dilated cardiomyopathy that is defined as a deterioration in cardiac function presenting typically between the last month of pregnancy and up to six months postpartum.
Ultrasound uterus abnormal	Ultrasound uterus abnormal
Hydrops foetalis	Hydrops foetalis
Nail bed bleeding	A bed of nails is an oblong piece of wood, the size of a bed, with nails pointing upwards out of it.
Blood calcitonin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Metatarsalgia	Metatarsalgia, literally metatarsal pain and colloquially known as a stone bruise, is any painful foot condition affecting the metatarsal region of the foot.
Hypertrophy of tongue papillae	Hypertrophy of tongue papillae
Bone marrow harvest	Hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is the transplantation of multipotent hematopoietic stem cells, usually derived from bone marrow, peripheral blood, or umbilical cord blood.
Upper airway obstruction	Airway obstruction is a blockage of respiration in the airway.
Intestinal fistula	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Sinus operation	Sinus operation
Sinusitis bacterial	Sinusitis, also known as rhinosinusitis, is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms.
Cyclic citrullinated peptide A increased	Cyclic citrullinated peptide A increased
Meconium increased	Meconium is the earliest stool of a mammalian infant.
Blood caffeine increased	Blood caffeine increased
Monocyte count decreased	Monocyte count decreased
Spirometry normal	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Obstruction	Obstruction
Lip repair	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Postpartum depression	Postpartum depression (PPD), also called postnatal depression, is a type of mood disorder associated with childbirth, which can affect both sexes.
Throat lesion	In vertebrate anatomy, the throat is the front part of the neck, positioned in front of the vertebra.
Ganglioneuroblastoma	Ganglioneuroblastoma is a variant of neuroblastoma that is surrounded by ganglion cells.
Lymphohistiocytosis	In medicine, histiocytosis is an excessive number of histiocytes (tissue macrophages), and the term is also often used to refer to a group of rare diseases which share this sign as a characteristic.
Virus serology test positive	Virus serology test positive
Small bowel angioedema	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Parenteral nutrition	Parenteral nutrition (PN) is the feeding of specialist nutritional products to a person intravenously, bypassing the usual process of eating and digestion.
Telangiectasia	Telangiectasias, also known as spider veins, are small dilated blood vessels that can occur near the surface of the skin or mucous membranes, measuring between 0.5 and 1 millimeter in diameter.
Thyroid function test	Thyroid function tests (TFTs) is a collective term for blood tests used to check the function of the thyroid.TFTs may be requested if a patient is thought to suffer from hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) or hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), or to monitor the effectiveness of either thyroid-suppression or hormone replacement therapy.
Foetal activity test	Foetal activity test
Cholestasis of pregnancy	Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), also known as obstetric cholestasis, cholestasis of pregnancy, jaundice of pregnancy, and prurigo gravidarum, is a medical condition in which cholestasis occurs during pregnancy.
Facet joint syndrome	Facet syndrome is a syndrome in which the facet joints (synovial diarthroses, from C2 to S1) cause painful symptoms.
Oral mucosal petechiae	Oral mucosal petechiae
Penile oedema	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Pyoderma	Pyoderma means any skin disease that is pyogenic (has pus).
Cyanopsia	Cyanopsia is a medical term for seeing everything tinted with blue.
Wound drainage	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Cytomegalovirus antibody negative	Cytomegalovirus antibody negative
Genital tract inflammation	The female reproductive system is made up of the internal and external sex organs that function in reproduction of new offspring.
Tooth avulsion	Dental avulsion is the complete displacement of a tooth from its socket in alveolar bone owing to trauma.The treatment for permanent teeth consists of replantation, immediately if possible.
Biopsy liver normal	Biopsy liver normal
Tricuspid valve repair	The tricuspid valve, or right atrioventricular valve, is on the right dorsal side of the mammalian heart, at the superior portion of the right ventricle.
Pulmonary cavitation	A focal lung pneumatosis, is a pocket of air (pneumatosis) in the parenchyma of the lungs, larger than the alveoli.
Scrotal cyst	Idiopathic scrotal calcinosis  is a cutaneous condition characterized by calcification of the skin resulting from the deposition of calcium and phosphorus occurring on the scrotum.
Ultrasound kidney normal	Ultrasound kidney normal
Chemical poisoning	A chemical substance is a form of matter having constant chemical composition and characteristic properties.
Sexual abuse	Sexual abuse, also referred to as molestation, is abusive sexual behavior by one person upon another.
Activated protein C resistance test	Activated protein C resistance (APCR) is a hemostatic disorder characterized by a poor anticoagulant response to activated protein C (APC).
Blood homocysteine	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Ultrasound pelvis	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Coxsackie virus serology test	Coxsackie virus serology test
Nipple disorder	The nipple is a raised region of tissue on the surface of the breast from which, in females, milk leaves the breast through the lactiferous ducts to feed an infant.
Scan with contrast normal	Scan with contrast normal
Amniotic fluid volume increased	Amniotic fluid volume increased
Pregnancy test urine	A pregnancy test detects human pregnancy hormone (human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG)) to determine whether an individual is pregnant.
Foster care	Foster care is a system in which a minor has been placed into a ward, group home (residential child care community, treatment center, etc.
Melanocytic naevus	A melanocytic nevus (also known as nevocytic nevus, nevus-cell nevus and commonly as a mole) is a type of melanocytic tumor that contains nevus cells.
Genital candidiasis	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Vitamin B12 absorption test	Vitamin B12 absorption test
Allen's test	In medicine, Allen's test or the Allen test is a medical sign used in physical examination of arterial blood flow to the hands.
Troponin	Troponin, or the troponin complex, is a complex of three regulatory proteins (troponin C, troponin I, and troponin T) that is integral to muscle contraction in skeletal muscle and cardiac muscle, but not smooth muscle.
Biliary dyskinesia	Biliary dyskinesia is a disorder of some component of biliary part of the digestive system in which bile physically can not move normally in the proper direction through the tubular biliary tract.
Ureteric obstruction	Ureteric obstruction
Stent placement	In medicine, a stent is a metal or plastic tube inserted into the lumen of an anatomic vessel or duct to keep the passageway open, and stenting is the placement of a stent.
Tongue neoplasm malignant stage unspecified	Tongue neoplasm malignant stage unspecified
Meningeal neoplasm	The meninges (, singular: meninx ( or ), from Ancient Greek: μῆνιγξ, romanized: mēninx, lit.
Cellulitis pharyngeal	Cellulitis is a bacterial infection involving the inner layers of the skin.
Dilatation atrial	Dilatation atrial
Early satiety	Early satiety
Impingement syndrome	Shoulder impingement syndrome is a syndrome involving tendonitis (inflammation of tendons) of the rotator cuff muscles as they pass through the subacromial space, the passage beneath the acromion.
Physiotherapy	Physical therapy (PT), also known as physiotherapy, is one of the allied health professions that, by using evidence-based kinesiology, electrotherapy, shockwave modality, exercise prescription, joint mobilization and health education, treats conditions such as chronic or acute pain, soft tissue injuries, cartilage damage, arthritis, gait disorders and physical impairments typically of musculoskeletal, cardiopulmonary, neurological and endocrinological origins.
Protein urine	Proteins are large biomolecules, or macromolecules, consisting of one or more long chains of amino acid residues.
Weight	In science and engineering, the weight of an object is related to the force acting on the object, either due to gravity or to a reaction force that holds it in place.Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object.
Diverticulitis Meckel's	Diverticulitis, specifically colonic diverticulitis, is a gastrointestinal disease characterized by inflammation of abnormal pouches—diverticula—which can develop in the wall of the large intestine.
Diabetes mellitus non-insulin-dependent	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Congenital intestinal malformation	Congenital intestinal malformation
Diabetic relative	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Oesophageal obstruction	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Calcium ionised	Calcium is a chemical element with the symbol Ca and atomic number 20.
Bowel sounds abnormal	A stomach rumble, also known as a bowel sound, peristaltic sound or bubble gut, is a rumbling, growling or gurgling noise produced by movement of the contents of the gastro-intestinal tract as they are propelled through the small intestine by a series of muscle contractions called peristalsis.
Plastic surgery	Plastic surgery is a surgical specialty involving the restoration, reconstruction, or alteration of the human body.
Urine human chorionic gonadotropin	Urine human chorionic gonadotropin
Vulval disorder	The vulva (plural vulvas or vulvae; derived from Latin for wrapper or covering) consists of the external female sex organs.
Coombs indirect test negative	Coombs indirect test negative
Patellofemoral pain syndrome	Patellofemoral pain syndrome (PFPS), also known as runner's knee, is knee pain as a result of problems between the kneecap and the femur.
Skull X-ray	The skull is a bony structure that forms the head in vertebrates.
Superior mesenteric artery syndrome	Superior mesenteric artery (SMA) syndrome is a gastro-vascular disorder in which the third and final portion of the duodenum is compressed between the abdominal aorta (AA) and the overlying superior mesenteric artery.
Canavan disease	Canavan disease is an autosomal recessive degenerative disorder that causes progressive damage to nerve cells in the brain, and is one of the most common degenerative cerebral diseases of infancy.
Mean cell volume increased	The mean corpuscular volume, or mean cell volume (MCV), is a measure of the average volume of a red blood corpuscle (or red blood cell).
Haemoglobin urine	Hemoglobin (American English) or haemoglobin (British English) (), abbreviated Hb or Hgb, is the iron-containing oxygen-transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells (erythrocytes) of almost all vertebrates (the exception being the fish family Channichthyidae) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates.
Viraemia	Viremia is a medical condition where viruses enter the bloodstream and hence have access to the rest of the body.
Occupational therapy	Occupational therapy (OT) is the use of assessment and intervention to develop, recover, or maintain the meaningful activities, or occupations, of individuals, groups, or communities.
Endocervical curettage	Endocervical curettage (ECC) is a procedure in which the mucous membrane of the cervical canal is scraped using a spoon-shaped instrument called a curette.
Scan abdomen abnormal	Scan abdomen abnormal
Blood luteinising hormone increased	Blood luteinising hormone increased
Therapeutic agent toxicity	A medication (also referred to as medicine, pharmaceutical drug, or simply drug) is a drug used to diagnose, cure, treat, or prevent disease.
Blood follicle stimulating hormone	Blood follicle stimulating hormone
Nephritis interstitial	Nephritis is inflammation of the kidneys and may involve the glomeruli, tubules, or interstitial tissue surrounding the glomeruli and tubules.
Spondyloarthropathy	Spondyloarthropathy or spondyloarthrosis refers to any joint disease of the vertebral column.
Hypomania	"Hypomania (literally ""under mania"" or ""less than mania"") is a mood state characterized by persistent disinhibition and mood elevation (euphoria), with behavior that is noticeably different from the person's typical behavior when in a non-depressed state."
Virus serology test	Virus serology test
Tongue geographic	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Bladder catheter permanent	In urinary catheterization a latex, polyurethane, or silicone tube known as a urinary catheter is inserted into a patient's bladder via the urethra.
Silver-Russell syndrome	Silver–Russell syndrome (SRS), also called Silver–Russell dwarfism or Russell–Silver syndrome (RSS) is a growth disorder occurring in approximately  1/50,000  to 1/100,000 births.
Tuberculosis skin test positive	Tuberculosis skin test positive
Spinal fracture	A spinal fracture, also called a vertebral fracture or a broken back, is a fracture affecting the vertebrae of the spinal column.
Gaucher's disease	Gaucher's disease or Gaucher disease () (GD) is a genetic disorder in which glucocerebroside (a sphingolipid, also known as glucosylceramide) accumulates in cells and certain organs.
Xerosis	Xeroderma, xerosis or xerosis cutis is a skin condition characterized by excessively dry skin.
Corneal dystrophy	Corneal dystrophy is a group of rare hereditary disorders characterised by bilateral abnormal deposition of substances in the transparent front part of the eye called the cornea.
Haemorrhagic arteriovenous malformation	Haemorrhagic arteriovenous malformation
Blood growth hormone	Blood growth hormone
Histrionic personality disorder	Histrionic personality disorder (HPD) is defined by the American Psychiatric Association as a personality disorder characterized by a pattern of excessive attention-seeking emotions, usually beginning in early adulthood, including inappropriately seductive behavior and an excessive need for approval.
Urethral pain	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Megakaryocytes abnormal	"A megakaryocyte (mega- + karyo- + -cyte, ""large-nucleus cell"") is a large bone marrow cell with a lobated nucleus responsible for the production of blood thrombocytes (platelets), which are necessary for normal blood clotting."
Multiple pregnancy	A multiple birth is the culmination of one multiple pregnancy, wherein the mother delivers two or more offspring.
Sleep phase rhythm disturbance	Sleep phase rhythm disturbance
Drug abuser	Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder.
Intestinal ulcer	Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus.
Endometritis decidual	Endometritis is inflammation of the inner lining of the uterus (endometrium).
Splenic rupture	A splenic injury, which includes a ruptured spleen, is any injury to the spleen.
Gingival abscess	A periodontal abscess (also termed lateral abscess, or parietal abscess), is a localized collection of pus (i.e.
Cardiac telemetry abnormal	Cardiac telemetry abnormal
Suprapubic pain	The hypogastrium (also called the  hypogastric region or suprapubic region) is a region of the abdomen located below the umbilical region.
Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia	Fairbank's disease or multiple epiphyseal dysplasia (MED) is a rare genetic disorder (dominant form: 1 in 10,000 births) that affects the growing ends of bones.
Tremor neonatal	A tremor is an involuntary, somewhat rhythmic, muscle contraction and relaxation involving oscillations or twitching movements of one or more body parts.
Bence Jones protein urine present	Bence Jones protein urine present
No adverse drug effect	No adverse drug effect
Vascular graft	A vascular bypass is a surgical procedure performed to redirect blood flow from one area to another by reconnecting blood vessels.
Nasal dryness	Nasal dryness
Pathological fracture	A pathologic fracture is a bone fracture caused by weakness of the bone structure that leads to decrease mechanical resistance to normal mechanical loads.
Prolonged labour	Prolonged labor is the inability of a woman to proceed with childbirth upon going into labor.
Radiation injury	Acute radiation syndrome (ARS), also known as radiation sickness or radiation poisoning, is a collection of health effects due to exposure to high amounts of ionizing radiation over a short period of time.
Spermatozoa abnormal	"A spermatozoon (pronounced , alternate spelling spermatozoön; plural spermatozoa; from Ancient Greek: σπέρμα (""seed"") and Ancient Greek: ζῷον (""living being"")) is a motile sperm cell, or moving form of the haploid cell that is the male gamete."
Congenital jaw malformation	Congenital jaw malformation
Drug effect increased	Efficacy is the ability to get a job done satisfactorily.
Perineal pain	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Stomatitis necrotising	Stomatitis is inflammation of the mouth and lips.
Sexual inhibition	A sexual inhibition is a conscious or subconscious constraint or curtailment by a person of behavior relating to specific sexual matters or practices or of a discussion of sexual matters.
Pulmonary function test decreased	Pulmonary function test (PFT)  is a complete evaluation of the respiratory system including patient history, physical examinations, and tests of pulmonary function.
Carotid artery thrombosis	"Carotid artery may refer to:

Common carotid artery, often ""carotids"" or ""carotid"", an artery on each side of the neck which divides into the external carotid artery and internal carotid artery
External carotid artery, an artery on each side of the head and neck supplying blood to the face, scalp, skull, neck and meninges
Internal carotid artery, an artery on each side of the head and neck supplying blood to the brain"
Urticaria vesiculosa	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Urethritis	Urethritis is inflammation of the urethra.
Blood gonadotrophin increased	Blood gonadotrophin increased
Blood osmolarity decreased	Plasma osmolality measures the body's electrolyte-water balance.
Local anaesthesia	Local anesthesia is any technique to induce the absence of sensation in a specific part of the body, generally for the aim of inducing local analgesia, that is, local insensitivity to pain, although other local senses may be affected as well.
Metabolic acidosis	Metabolic acidosis is a disorder that occurs when the body produces excessive amounts of acid, such as ketoacids or lactic acid; the kidneys are unable to remove enough acid produced from normal metabolism; or the body loses too much bicarbonate ion (HCO−3).
Peliosis hepatis	Peliosis hepatis is an uncommon vascular condition characterised by multiple, randomly distributed, blood-filled cavities throughout the liver.
Red blood cell count decreased	Red blood cell count decreased
Hypochloraemia	Hypochloremia (or Hypochloraemia) is an electrolyte disturbance in which there is an abnormally low level of the chloride ion in the blood.
Plasmacytosis	Plasmacytosis is a condition in which there is an unusually large proportion of plasma cells in tissues, exudates, or blood.
Congenital arterial malformation	Congenital arterial malformation
Hyperthermia malignant	Hyperthermia, also known simply as overheating is a condition where an individual's body temperature is elevated beyond normal due to failed thermoregulation.
Duodenal ulcer	Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus.
Oesophageal stenosis	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Peptic ulcer	Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus.
Vitreous disorder	Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent amorphous solid, that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative uses in, for example, window panes, tableware, optics, and optoelectronics.
Mean platelet volume increased	Mean platelet volume (MPV) is a machine-calculated measurement of the average size of platelets found in blood and is typically included in blood tests as part of the CBC.
Inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion	Inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion
Erythroid maturation arrest	Erythroid maturation arrest
Vulvovaginal disorder	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Hypoproteinaemia	Hypoproteinemia is a condition where there is an abnormally low level of protein in the blood.
Electrocardiogram ST segment depression	Electrocardiogram ST segment depression
High density lipoprotein increased	High-density lipoprotein (HDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoproteins.
Thyroid gland cancer	The thyroid gland, or simply the thyroid, is an endocrine gland in the neck, consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus.
Gastrointestinal perforation	Gastrointestinal perforation, also known as ruptured bowel, is a hole in the wall of part of the gastrointestinal tract.
Lactic acidosis	Lactic acidosis is a medical condition characterized by the buildup of lactate (especially L-lactate) in the body, with formation of an excessively low pH in the bloodstream.
Megakaryocytes increased	"A megakaryocyte (mega- + karyo- + -cyte, ""large-nucleus cell"") is a large bone marrow cell with a lobated nucleus responsible for the production of blood thrombocytes (platelets), which are necessary for normal blood clotting."
Respiratory tract malformation	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Porphyria	Porphyria is a group of diseases in which substances called porphyrins build up, negatively affecting the skin or nervous system.
Myeloproliferative disorder	The myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs), previously myeloproliferative diseases (MPDs), are a group of diseases of the bone marrow in which excess cells are produced.
Peritoneal haemorrhage	The peritoneum is the serous membrane forming the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates, such as annelids.
Coronary artery insufficiency	The coronary arteries are the blood vessels (arteries) of coronary circulation, which transports oxygenated blood to the substance of the heart.
Postmature baby	Postmature baby
General anaesthesia	General anaesthesia or general anesthesia (see spelling differences) is a medically induced coma with loss of protective reflexes, resulting from the administration of one or more general anaesthetic agents.
Depression suicidal	Depression suicidal
Echolalia	Echolalia is the unsolicited repetition of vocalizations made by another person (when repeated by the same person, it is called palilalia).
Mitral valve incompetence	The mitral valve (), also known as the bicuspid valve or left atrioventricular valve, is a valve with two flaps in the heart, that lies between the left atrium and the left ventricle.
Bulimia nervosa	Bulimia nervosa, also known as simply bulimia, is an eating disorder characterized by binge eating followed by purging.
Microcephaly	Microcephaly is a medical condition in which the brain does not develop properly resulting in a smaller than normal head.
Urogenital disorder	The genitourinary system, or urogenital system, is the organ system of the reproductive organs and the urinary system.
Drug tolerance increased	Drug tolerance is a pharmacological concept describing subjects' reduced reaction to a drug following its repeated use.
Hydroureter	Megaureter is a medical anomaly whereby the ureter is abnormally dilated.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase abnormal	Gamma-glutamyltransferase (also γ-glutamyltransferase, GGT, gamma-GT; EC 2.3.2.2) is a transferase (a type of enzyme) that catalyzes the transfer of gamma-glutamyl functional groups from molecules such as glutathione to an acceptor that may be an amino acid, a peptide or water (forming glutamate).
Uterine hypertonus	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Ependymoma	An ependymoma is a tumor that arises from the ependyma, a tissue of the central nervous system.
Spine malformation	Spine malformation
Haemoglobin abnormal	Hemoglobin (American English) or haemoglobin (British English) (), abbreviated Hb or Hgb, is the iron-containing oxygen-transport metalloprotein in the red blood cells (erythrocytes) of almost all vertebrates (the exception being the fish family Channichthyidae) as well as the tissues of some invertebrates.
Ototoxicity	Ototoxicity is the property of being toxic to the ear (oto-), specifically the cochlea or auditory nerve and sometimes the vestibular system, for example, as a side effect of a drug.
Diabetic amyotrophy	Proximal diabetic neuropathy, more commonly known as diabetic amyotrophy, is a nerve disorder that results as a complication of diabetes mellitus.
Micturition frequency decreased	Micturition frequency decreased
Dysglobulinaemia	Dysglobulinaemia
Unwanted pregnancy	Unintended pregnancies are pregnancies that are mistimed, unplanned or unwanted at the time of conception.Sexual activity without the use of effective contraception through choice or coercion is the predominant cause of unintended pregnancy.
Sleep study normal	A sleep study is a test that records the activity of the body during sleep.
Atrophy of tongue papillae	Atrophy of tongue papillae
Blood osmolarity increased	Plasma osmolality measures the body's electrolyte-water balance.
Yersinia infection	Yersinia is a genus of bacteria in the family Yersiniaceae.
Chediak-Higashi syndrome	Chédiak–Higashi syndrome is a rare autosomal recessive disorder that arises from a mutation of a lysosomal trafficking regulator protein, which leads to a decrease in phagocytosis.
Binge eating	Binge eating is a pattern of disordered eating which consists of episodes of uncontrollable eating.
Blood lactate dehydrogenase abnormal	Blood lactate dehydrogenase abnormal
Visual evoked potentials normal	An evoked potential  or evoked response is an electrical potential in a specific pattern recorded from a specific part of the nervous system, especially the brain, of a human or other animals following presentation of a stimulus such as a light flash or a pure tone.
CSF granulocyte count normal	CSF granulocyte count normal
Coombs test negative	A Coombs test (also known as antiglobulin test or AGT) is either of two clinical blood tests used in immunohematology and immunology.
Red blood cells urine positive	Red blood cells urine positive
Skin graft	Skin grafting is a type of graft surgery involving the transplantation of skin.
Prothrombin time shortened	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Ulnar nerve palsy	In human anatomy, the ulnar nerve is a nerve that runs near the ulna bone.
Aortitis	Aortitis is the inflammation of the aortic wall.
Fallopian tube disorder	The Fallopian tubes, also known as uterine tubes or salpinges (singular salpinx) are uterine appendages.
Gastroenteritis Norwalk virus	Gastroenteritis Norwalk virus
Sinus arrest	Sinoatrial arrest  is a medical condition wherein the sinoatrial node of the heart transiently ceases to generate the electrical impulses that normally stimulate the myocardial tissues to contract and thus the heart to beat.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase	Gamma-glutamyltransferase (also γ-glutamyltransferase, GGT, gamma-GT; EC 2.3.2.2) is a transferase (a type of enzyme) that catalyzes the transfer of gamma-glutamyl functional groups from molecules such as glutathione to an acceptor that may be an amino acid, a peptide or water (forming glutamate).
Cryoglobulins absent	Cold sensitive antibodies (CSA) are antibodies sensitive to cold temperature.
Somatosensory evoked potentials	An evoked potential  or evoked response is an electrical potential in a specific pattern recorded from a specific part of the nervous system, especially the brain, of a human or other animals following presentation of a stimulus such as a light flash or a pure tone.
Intraocular pressure test normal	Intraocular pressure test normal
Complement factor C4 increased	Complement factor C4 increased
Hepatitis B positive	Hepatitis B (HB) is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis B virus (HBV) that affects the liver.
CSF lactate abnormal	CSF lactate abnormal
Sensorimotor disorder	Somatics is a field within bodywork and movement studies which emphasizes internal physical perception and experience.
Complement factor C1 increased	Complement factor C1 increased
Neutrophil count abnormal	Neutrophil count abnormal
Tuberous sclerosis	Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) is a rare multisystem autosomal dominant genetic disease that causes non-cancerous tumours to grow in the brain and on other vital organs such as the kidneys, heart, liver, eyes, lungs and skin.
Parasite stool test negative	Parasite stool test negative
Intestinal mass	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Necrotising fasciitis staphylococcal	Necrotizing fasciitis (NF), commonly known as flesh-eating disease, is an infection that results in the death of parts of the body's soft tissue.
Microbiology test	"Microbiology (from Greek μῑκρος, mīkros, ""small""; βίος, bios, ""life""; and -λογία, -logia) is the study of microorganisms, those being unicellular (single cell), multicellular (cell colony), or acellular (lacking cells)."
Perianal abscess	Anorectal abscess (also known as an anal/rectal abscess, or perianal/perirectal abscess) is an abscess adjacent to the anus.
Leukocyte antigen B-27 positive	Leukocyte antigen B-27 positive
Virus culture negative	Viral culture is a laboratory test in which samples are placed with a cell type that the virus being tested for is able to infect.
Renal function test normal	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Brucella serology positive	Brucella serology positive
Failed induction of labour	Failed induction of labour
Helicobacter pylori identification test negative	Helicobacter pylori identification test negative
Psychotic behaviour	Psychosis is an abnormal condition of the mind that results in difficulties determining what is real and what is not.
Haemoglobin electrophoresis	Hemoglobin electrophoresis is a blood test that can detect different types of hemoglobin.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase normal	Gamma-glutamyltransferase (also γ-glutamyltransferase, GGT, gamma-GT; EC 2.3.2.2) is a transferase (a type of enzyme) that catalyzes the transfer of gamma-glutamyl functional groups from molecules such as glutathione to an acceptor that may be an amino acid, a peptide or water (forming glutamate).
Drug specific antibody present	Drug specific antibody present
Acid fast stain positive	Acid fast stain positive
Beta 2 microglobulin abnormal	β2 microglobulin also known as B2M is a component of  MHC class I molecules, MHC class I molecules have α1, α2, and α3 proteins which are present on all nucleated cells (excludes red blood cells).
Mastoidectomy	A mastoidectomy is a procedure performed to remove the mastoid air cells.
Masked facies	Hypomimia (masked facies, masking of facies), a medical sign, is a reduced degree of facial expression.
Impaired self-care	According to many definitions, a disability or functional impairment is an impairment that may be cognitive, developmental, intellectual, mental, physical, sensory, or some combination of these.
Anti factor VIII antibody negative	Anti factor VIII antibody negative
Cardiolipin antibody	Cardiolipin (IUPAC name 1,3-bis(sn-3’-phosphatidyl)-sn-glycerol, also known as Calcutta antigen) is an important component of the inner mitochondrial membrane, where it constitutes about 20% of the total lipid composition.
Neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin	Neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin
Fibrosis	Fibrosis is the formation of excess fibrous connective tissue in an organ or tissue in a reparative or reactive process.
Virus serology test negative	Virus serology test negative
Laryngeal stenosis	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Viral hepatitis carrier	Viral hepatitis is liver inflammation due to a viral infection.
Toxic neuropathy	Toxicity is the degree to which a chemical substance or a particular mixture of substances can damage an organism.
Thyroxine free increased	Thyroxine free increased
Hepatitis A antigen positive	Hepatitis A antigen positive
Conus medullaris syndrome	"The conus medullaris (Latin for ""medullary cone"") or conus terminalis is the tapered, lower end of the spinal cord."
Enzyme supplementation	Enzymes  are macromolecular biological catalysts that accelerate chemical reactions.
Gastroenteritis cryptosporidial	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Human bite	Biting is a common behavior which involves the opening and closing of the jaw found in many animals.
Urine mercury abnormal	Urine mercury abnormal
Biopsy uterus normal	Biopsy uterus normal
CSF white blood cell count positive	CSF white blood cell count positive
Paronychia	Paronychia is a nail disease that is an often tender bacterial or fungal infection of the hand or foot, where the nail and skin meet at the side or the base of a finger or toenail.
Poisoning deliberate	Poisoning is a condition or a process in which an organism becomes chemically harmed severely (poisoned) by a toxic substance or venom of an animal.Acute poisoning is exposure to a poison on one occasion or during a short period of time.
Blood product transfusion dependent	Blood product transfusion dependent
Blunted affect	Reduced affect display, sometimes referred to as emotional blunting, is a condition of reduced emotional reactivity in an individual.
Waterhouse-Friderichsen syndrome	Waterhouse–Friderichsen syndrome (WFS) is defined as adrenal gland failure due to bleeding into the adrenal glands, commonly caused by severe bacterial infection.
Disseminated tuberculosis	Miliary tuberculosis is a form of tuberculosis that is characterized by a wide dissemination into the human body and by the tiny size of the lesions (1–5 mm).
Radiculitis lumbosacral	"Radicular pain, or radiculitis, is pain ""radiated"" along the dermatome (sensory distribution) of a nerve due to inflammation or other irritation of the nerve root (radiculopathy) at its connection to the spinal column."
Ultrasound kidney abnormal	Ultrasound kidney abnormal
Retained products of conception	Retained placenta is a condition in which all or part of the placenta or membranes remain in the uterus during the third stage of labour.
Coital bleeding	Sexual intercourse (or coitus or copulation) is principally the insertion and thrusting of the penis into the vagina for sexual pleasure, reproduction, or both.
Anxiety disorder due to a general medical condition	Anxiety disorder due to a general medical condition
Peroneal nerve injury	The common fibular nerve (common peroneal nerve; external popliteal nerve; lateral popliteal nerve) is a nerve in the lower leg that provides sensation over the posterolateral part of the leg and the knee joint.
Neutrophil percentage	Neutrophils (also known as  neutrocytes) are the most abundant type of granulocytes and the most abundant (60% to 70%) type of white blood cells in most mammals.
Nasal aspiration	Nasal aspiration
Peritonsillitis	Peritonsillitis
Fistula discharge	A fistula is an abnormal connection between two hollow spaces (technically, two epithelialized surfaces), such as blood vessels, intestines, or other hollow organs.
Central nervous system necrosis	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Small intestinal intussusception reduction	Small intestinal intussusception reduction
Oesophageal pH	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
CSF lactate decreased	CSF lactate decreased
Creatinine renal clearance increased	Creatinine renal clearance increased
Analgesic drug level decreased	Analgesic drug level decreased
Blood lead abnormal	Blood lead abnormal
Ectopia cordis	"Ectopia cordis (Greek: ""away / out of place"" + Latin: ""heart"") or ectopic heart is a congenital malformation in which the heart is abnormally located either partially or totally outside of the thorax."
Biopsy small intestine abnormal	Biopsy small intestine abnormal
Uterine pain	Pelvic pain is pain in the area of the pelvis.
Smooth muscle antibody positive	Smooth muscle antibody positive
Gastroenteritis staphylococcal	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Delusion of grandeur	Grandiose delusions (GD), delusions of grandeur, expansive delusions are a subtype of delusion that occur in patients suffering from a wide range of psychiatric diseases, including two-thirds of patients in manic state of bipolar disorder, half of those with schizophrenia, patients with the grandiose subtype of delusional disorder, and a substantial portion of those with substance abuse disorders.
Oligodipsia	Oligodipsia
Bone atrophy	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Cervicogenic headache	Cervicogenic headache is a type of headache characterised by chronic hemicranial pain referred to the head from either the cervical spine or soft tissues within the neck.
Marasmus	Marasmus is a form of severe malnutrition characterized by energy deficiency.
Biopsy blood vessel normal	Biopsy blood vessel normal
Twin pregnancy	Twins are two offspring produced by the same pregnancy.
VACTERL syndrome	The VACTERL association (also VATER association and inaccurately as VACTERL syndrome) refers to a recognized group of birth defects which tend to co-occur (see below).
Ventouse extraction	Vacuum extraction (VE), also known as ventouse, is a method to assist delivery of a baby using a vacuum device.
Nerve stimulation test abnormal	Nerve stimulation test abnormal
Urticaria pigmentosa	"Urticaria pigmentosa (also known as generalized eruption of cutaneous mastocytosis (childhood type)
) is the most common form of cutaneous mastocytosis."
Kidney malformation	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Fever neonatal	Fever, also known as pyrexia and febrile response, is defined as having a temperature above the normal range due to an increase in the body's temperature set point.
Metabolic myopathy	Metabolic myopathies are myopathies that result from defects in biochemical metabolism that primarily affect muscle.
Blood erythropoietin increased	Blood erythropoietin increased
Precipitate labour	Precipitation is the creation of a solid from a solution.
Dexamethasone suppression test positive	The dexamethasone suppression test (DST) is used to assess adrenal gland function by measuring how cortisol levels change in response to an injection of dexamethasone.
Coxsackie virus test negative	Coxsackie virus test negative
Medical device removal	A medical device is any device intended to be used for medical purposes.
Sense of oppression	Sense of oppression
Conjunctival disorder	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Spinal deformity	Spinal disease refers to a condition impairing the backbone.
Hypoaldosteronism	Hypoaldosteronism is an endocrinological disorder characterized decreased levels of the hormone aldosterone.
Neutropenic sepsis	Febrile neutropenia is the development of fever, often with other signs of infection, in a patient with neutropenia, an abnormally low number of neutrophil granulocytes (a type of white blood cell) in the blood.
Bloody airway discharge	Bloody airway discharge
Prolonged pregnancy	Postterm pregnancy is when a woman has not yet delivered her baby after 42 weeks of gestation, two weeks beyond the typical 40 week duration of pregnancy.
Antipyresis	Antipyresis
Wound complication	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Erythrosis	Erythrosis
Tumour excision	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Hypergammaglobulinaemia	Hypergammaglobulinemia is a medical condition with elevated levels of gamma globulin.
Anal infection	Anal infection
Renal hydrocele	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Pus in stool	Pus in stool
White blood cell count abnormal	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Proctocolitis	Proctocolitis is a general term for inflammation of the rectum and colon.
Foetal malpresentation	A fetus or foetus (; plural fetuses, feti, foetuses, or foeti) is the unborn offspring of an animal that develops from an embryo.
Gingival oedema	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Sydenham's chorea	Sydenham's chorea, also known as chorea minor and historically referred to as St Vitus' dance, is a disorder characterized by rapid, uncoordinated jerking movements primarily affecting the face, hands and feet.
Gastrointestinal ulcer	Peptic ulcer disease (PUD) is a break in the inner lining of the stomach, the first part of the small intestine, or sometimes the lower esophagus.
Beta 2 microglobulin normal	β2 microglobulin also known as B2M is a component of  MHC class I molecules, MHC class I molecules have α1, α2, and α3 proteins which are present on all nucleated cells (excludes red blood cells).
Ichthyosis	Ichthyosis is a family of rare genetic skin disorders characterized by dry, thickened, scaly skin.The more than 20 types of ichthyosis range in severity of symptoms, outward appearance, underlying genetic cause, and mode of inheritance (e.g., whether the abnormal gene inherited is dominant, recessive, autosomal or X-linked).
Blood ketone body absent	Blood ketone body absent
Retroperitoneal abscess	The retroperitoneal space (retroperitoneum) is the anatomical space (sometimes a potential space) in the abdominal cavity behind (retro) the peritoneum.
Otitis externa bacterial	Otitis externa, also called swimmer's ear, is inflammation of the ear canal.
Mechanical ileus	Mechanical ileus
Physical abuse	Physical abuse is any intentional act causing injury or trauma to another person or animal by way of bodily contact.
Rectal fissure	An anal fissure is a break or tear in the skin of the anal canal.
Apolipoprotein A-I	Apolipoprotein A1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APOA1 gene.
Hepatic mass	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Forced expiratory volume	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Urine output increased	Urination is the release of urine from the urinary bladder through the urethra to the outside of the body.
Anal skin tags	A skin tag, or acrochordon (pl.
Orchidectomy	Orchiectomy (also named orchidectomy, and sometimes shortened as orchi) is a surgical procedure in which one or both testicles are removed (bilateral orchiectomy).
Thyroxine normal	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Pulmonary sarcoidosis	Sarcoidosis is a disease involving abnormal collections of inflammatory cells that form lumps known as granulomas.
Mucosal erosion	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
CSF lactate increased	CSF lactate increased
Salpingo-oophorectomy	In medicine, salpingoophorectomy is the removal of an ovary and its Fallopian tube.
Cerebrosclerosis	Cerebrosclerosis
Hysteroscopy	Hysteroscopy is the inspection of the uterine cavity by endoscopy with access through the cervix.
Blood zinc decreased	Blood zinc decreased
Benign lung neoplasm	Benign lung neoplasm
Urine sodium normal	Urine sodium is a measurement of the concentration of sodium in the urine.
Helicobacter test positive	Helicobacter test positive
Benzodiazepine drug level	"Benzodiazepines (BZD, BDZ, BZs), sometimes called ""benzos"", are a class of psychoactive drugs whose core chemical structure is the fusion of a benzene ring and a diazepine ring."
Logorrhoea	"In psychology, logorrhea or logorrhoea (from Ancient Greek λόγος logos ""word"" and ῥέω rheo ""to flow"") is a communication disorder that causes excessive wordiness and repetitiveness, which can sometimes lead to incoherency."
CSF lactate normal	CSF lactate normal
Vertical infection transmission	Vertical infection transmission
Lasegue's test	Lasegue's test
Red blood cell morphology normal	Red blood cell morphology normal
Ingrowing nail	"An ingrown nail (also known as onychocryptosis from Greek: ὄνυξ (onyx, ""nail"") + κρυπτός (kryptos, ""hidden"") is a common form of nail disease."
Treatment noncompliance	Treatment noncompliance
Growth hormone deficiency	Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) is a medical condition due to not enough growth hormone (GH).
Neutrophil count normal	Neutrophil count normal
Lipase normal	A lipase (, ) is any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of fats (lipids).
Echoencephalogram	Echoencephalogram
Tendon necrosis	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Allogenic bone marrow transplantation therapy	Allogenic bone marrow transplantation therapy
Post-traumatic epilepsy	Post-traumatic epilepsy (PTE) is a form of acquired epilepsy that results from brain damage caused by physical trauma to the brain (traumatic brain injury, abbreviated TBI).
Periarticular disorder	Periarticular disorder
Retrograde amnesia	Retrograde amnesia (RA) is a loss of memory-access to events that occurred, or information that was learned, before an injury or the onset of a disease.
Low density lipoprotein normal	Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoprotein which transport all fat molecules around the body in the extracellular water.
Sputum increased	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Vital functions abnormal	Vital functions abnormal
Aortic occlusion	The aorta ( ay-OR-tə) is the main and largest artery in the human body, originating from the left ventricle of the heart and extending down to the abdomen, where it splits into two smaller arteries (the common iliac arteries).
Blood antimony increased	Blood antimony increased
Giardia test negative	Giardia test negative
Pancreatic insufficiency	Exocrine pancreatic insufficiency (EPI) is the inability to properly digest food due to a lack of digestive enzymes made by the pancreas.
Bladder neoplasm surgery	Bladder cancer is any of several types of cancer arising from the tissues of the urinary bladder.
Diphtheria carrier	Diphtheria is an infection caused by the bacterium Corynebacterium diphtheriae.
Intestinal villi atrophy	Intestinal villi (singular: villus) are small, finger-like projections that extend into the lumen of the small intestine.
Faecal elastase concentration abnormal	Faecal elastase concentration abnormal
Early retirement	Retirement is the withdrawal from one's position or occupation or from one's active working life.
Venous occlusion	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Long QT syndrome	Long QT syndrome (LQTS) is a condition which affects repolarization of the heart after a heartbeat.
Endometrial cancer	Endometrial cancer is a cancer that arises from the endometrium (the lining of the uterus or womb).
Blood glucagon normal	Blood glucagon normal
Phenylketonuria	Phenylketonuria (PKU) is an inborn error of metabolism that results in decreased metabolism of the amino acid phenylalanine.
Gastrointestinal bacterial infection	Gastrointestinal bacterial infection
Nail pigmentation	Nail pigmentation
Umbilical cord around neck	Umbilical cord around neck
Large for dates baby	Large for dates baby
Hypoglossal nerve paralysis	The hypoglossal nerve is the twelfth cranial nerve, and innervates all the extrinsic and intrinsic muscles of the tongue, except for the palatoglossus which is innervated by the vagus nerve.
Macroangiopathy	Atherosclerosis is a disease in which the inside of an artery narrows due to the build up of plaque.
Craniosynostosis	Craniosynostosis is a condition in which one or more of the fibrous sutures in an infant (very young) skull prematurely fuses by turning into bone (ossification), thereby changing the growth pattern of the skull.
Reticulocyte percentage increased	Reticulocyte percentage increased
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia	Congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) is a birth defect of the diaphragm.
Blast cells	In cell biology, a precursor cell, also called a blast cell or simply blast, is a partially differentiated cell, usually referred to as a unipotent cell that has lost most of its stem cell properties.
Mycobacterium test negative	Mycobacterium test negative
Suspected transmission of an infectious agent via product	Suspected transmission of an infectious agent via product
Diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis	Mastocytosis, a type of mast cell disease, is a rare disorder affecting both children and adults caused by the accumulation of functionally defective mast cells (also called mastocytes) and CD34+ mast cell precursors.People affected by mastocytosis are susceptible to a variety of symptoms, including itching, hives, and anaphylactic shock, caused by the release of histamine and other pro-inflammatory substances from mast cells.
Ultrasound breast abnormal	Ultrasound breast abnormal
Infected bites	Infected bites
Meconium abnormal	Meconium is the earliest stool of a mammalian infant.
Spinocerebellar disorder	The spinocerebellar tract is a nerve tract originating in the spinal cord and terminating in the same side (ipsilateral) of the cerebellum.
Bartonella test positive	Bartonella test positive
Hydrocele operation	A hydrocele is an accumulation of serous fluid in a body cavity.
CSF monocyte count	CSF monocyte count
Thyroid cancer stage 0	Thyroid cancer stage 0
Maternal exposure during delivery	Maternal exposure during delivery
Hypermetabolism	Hypermetabolism is the physiological state of increased rate of metabolic activity and is characterized by an abnormal increase in the body’s basal metabolic rate.
Tongue tie operation	Tongue tie operation
Hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies	Hereditary Neuropathy with Liability to Pressure Palsy (HNPP) is a peripheral neuropathy, a disorder of the nerves.
Diarrhoea neonatal	Diarrhea, also spelled diarrhoea, is the condition of having at least three loose, liquid, or watery bowel movements each day.
Blood selenium	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Radioisotope scan normal	Positron-emission tomography (PET) is a nuclear medicine functional imaging technique that is used to observe metabolic processes in the body as an aid to the diagnosis of disease.
Brucella test positive	Brucella test positive
Nosocomial infection	A hospital-acquired infection (HAI), also known as a nosocomial infection, is an infection that is acquired in a hospital or other health care facility.
X-ray gastrointestinal tract abnormal	X-ray gastrointestinal tract abnormal
Thoracotomy	A thoracotomy is a surgical procedure to gain access into the pleural space of the chest.
Ventilation/perfusion scan normal	A ventilation/perfusion lung scan, also called a V/Q lung scan, is a type of medical imaging using scintigraphy and medical isotopes to evaluate the circulation of air and blood within a patient's lungs, in order to determine the ventilation/perfusion ratio.
Electrocardiogram Q waves	Electrocardiogram Q waves
Radioallergosorbent test positive	A radioallergosorbent test (RAST) is a blood test using radioimmunoassay test to detect specific IgE antibodies, to determine the substances a subject is allergic to.
Gingival inflammation	Gingivitis is a non-destructive disease that causes inflammation of the gums.
Metaplasia	"Metaplasia (Greek: ""change in form"") is the transformation of one differentiated cell type to another differentiated cell type."
Exomphalos	Omphalocele, also called exomphalos, is a rare abdominal wall defect in which the intestines, liver and occasionally other organs remain outside of the abdomen in a sac because of failure of the normal return of intestines and other contents back to the abdominal cavity during around the ninth week of intrauterine development.
Dilatation ventricular	Dilatation ventricular
HLA-B gene status assay	HLA-B gene status assay
Anti-actin antibody positive	Anti-actin antibody positive
Fluid imbalance	In physics, a fluid is a substance that continually deforms (flows) under an applied shear stress, or external force.
Neonatal asphyxia	Perinatal asphyxia (also known as neonatal asphyxia or birth asphyxia) is the medical condition resulting from deprivation of oxygen to a newborn infant that lasts long enough during the birth process to cause physical harm, usually to the brain.
Neutrophilia	Neutrophilia (also called neutrophil leukocytosis or occasionally neutrocytosis) is leukocytosis of neutrophils, that is, a high number of neutrophils in the blood.
Manual lymphatic drainage	Manual lymphatic drainage (MLD) is a type of massage based on the hypothesis that it will encourage the natural drainage of the lymph, which carries waste products away from the tissues back toward the heart.
Sputum purulent	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Eosinophilic pustulosis	Eosinophilic (Greek suffix -phil-, meaning loves eosin) refers to the staining of certain tissues, cells, or organelles after they have been washed with eosin, a dye.
Tricuspid valve incompetence	The tricuspid valve, or right atrioventricular valve, is on the right dorsal side of the mammalian heart, at the superior portion of the right ventricle.
Spina bifida	Spina bifida is a birth defect in which there is incomplete closing of the spine and membranes around the spinal cord during early development in pregnancy.
Open reduction of fracture	Reduction is a surgical procedure to repair a fracture or dislocation to the correct alignment.
Endocardial fibroelastosis	Endocardial fibroelastosis (EFE) is a rare heart disorder usually occurring in children two years old and younger.
Noninfective sialoadenitis	Noninfective sialoadenitis
Pre-existing disease	Pre-existing disease
Rubella in pregnancy	Rubella in pregnancy
Hypometabolism	Hypometabolism
Bone hyperpigmentation	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Karyotype analysis abnormal	Karyotyping is the process by which cytogeneticists take photographs of chromosomes in order to determine the chromosome complement of an individual, including the number of chromosomes and any abnormalies.
Vaccination site atrophy	Vaccination site atrophy
Plethysmography	A plethysmograph is an instrument for measuring changes in volume within an organ or whole body (usually resulting from fluctuations in the amount of blood or air it contains).
Renal scan normal	Renal scan normal
Joint instability	Joint stability refers to the resistance offered by various musculoskeletal tissues that surround a skeletal joint.
Hyperpathia	Hyperpathia is a clinical symptom of certain neurological disorders wherein nociceptive stimuli evoke exaggerated levels of pain.
Smear test	"Cytopathology (from Greek κύτος, kytos, ""a hollow""; πάθος, pathos, ""fate, harm""; and -λογία, -logia) is a branch of pathology that studies and diagnoses diseases on the cellular level."
Metamyelocyte count	A metamyelocyte is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a myelocyte, and leading to a band cell.
School refusal	School refusal is a child-motivated refusal to attend school and/or difficulty remaining in class for the full day.
Prothrombin time	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Ultrasound eye abnormal	Ultrasound eye abnormal
Primary progressive multiple sclerosis	Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
Premature ejaculation	Premature ejaculation (PE) occurs when a man experiences orgasm and expels semen within a few moments of beginning sexual activity and with minimal penile stimulation.
Diffuse alopecia	Hair loss, also known as alopecia or baldness, refers to a loss of hair from part of the head or body.
Pulmonary function test abnormal	Pulmonary function test (PFT)  is a complete evaluation of the respiratory system including patient history, physical examinations, and tests of pulmonary function.
Biopsy pharynx normal	Biopsy pharynx normal
Macroprolactinaemia	Macroprolactinaemia
Respiratory syncytial virus bronchitis	The virus, human respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV), a member of the species Human orthopneumovirus (formerly Human respiratory syncytial virus), is a syncytial virus that causes respiratory tract infections.
Myocardial necrosis marker	Myocardial necrosis marker
Oestradiol decreased	Estradiol (E2), also spelled oestradiol, is an estrogen steroid hormone and the major female sex hormone.
Hepatitis E antigen positive	Hepatitis E antigen positive
Atypical mycobacterium pericarditis	Atypical mycobacterium pericarditis
Gastrointestinal fungal infection	Gastrointestinal fungal infection
Aortic wall hypertrophy	Aortic wall hypertrophy
Urinary tract stoma complication	Urinary tract stoma complication
Lordosis	Lordosis is the normal inward lordotic curvature of the lumbar and cervical regions of the human spine.
Hyperoxia	Hyperoxia occurs when cells, tissues and organs are exposed to an excess supply of oxygen (O2) or  higher than normal partial pressure of oxygen.In medicine, it refers to excess oxygen in the lungs or other body tissues, which can be caused by breathing air or oxygen at pressures greater than normal atmospheric pressure.
Anal fistula excision	Anal fistula is a chronic abnormal communication between the epithelialised surface of the anal canal and usually the perianal skin.
Thrombotic microangiopathy	Thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) is a pathology that results in thrombosis in capillaries and arterioles, due to an endothelial injury.
Gluten free diet	A gluten-free diet (GFD) is a diet that strictly excludes gluten, which is a mixture of proteins found in wheat (and all of its species and hybrids, such as spelt, kamut, and triticale), as well as barley, rye, and oats.
Anti-zinc transporter 8 antibody positive	Anti-zinc transporter 8 antibody positive
Extrapulmonary tuberculosis	Extrapulmonary tuberculosis is tuberculosis (TB) within a location in the body other than the lungs.
Eyelid ptosis congenital	Eyelid ptosis congenital
Hyperemesis gravidarum	Hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) is a pregnancy complication that is characterized by severe nausea, vomiting, weight loss, and possibly dehydration.
Hepatitis D	Hepatitis D (hepatitis delta) is a disease caused by the hepatitis D virus (HDV), a small spherical enveloped virusoid.
Teratoma	A teratoma is a tumor made up of several different types of tissue, such as hair, muscle, teeth, or bone.
Vitreous haemorrhage	Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent amorphous solid, that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative uses in, for example, window panes, tableware, optics, and optoelectronics.
Personality disorder of childhood	Personality disorder of childhood
Concentric sclerosis	Baló's concentric sclerosis is a disease in which the white matter of the brain appears damaged in concentric layers, leaving the axis cylinder intact.
Tonsillitis streptococcal	Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils, typically of rapid onset.
Microangiopathy	Microangiopathy (or microvascular disease, or small vessel disease) is an angiopathy (i.e.
Subdural haemorrhage	A subdural hematoma (SDH) is a type of bleeding in which a collection of blood—usually associated with a traumatic brain injury—gathers between the inner layer of the dura mater and the arachnoid mater of the meninges surrounding the brain.
Rectal examination abnormal	Rectal examination, commonly called a prostate exam, is an internal examination of the rectum, performed by a healthcare provider.
Kidney enlargement	Kidney disease, or renal disease, also known as nephropathy, is damage to or disease of a kidney.
Thrombosis in device	Thrombosis in device
CD4 lymphocyte percentage decreased	CD4 lymphocyte percentage decreased
Intestinal angioedema	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Noninfective oophoritis	Noninfective oophoritis
Beta 2 microglobulin urine increased	Beta 2 microglobulin urine increased
Cortisol increased	Cortisol is a steroid hormone, in the glucocorticoid class of hormones.
Monocyte percentage	Monocytes are a type of leukocyte, or white blood cell.
Infected cyst	Infected cyst
White matter lesion	Hyperintensities refer to areas  of high intensity on types of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans of the human brain or that of other mammals that reflect lesions produced largely by demyelination and axonal loss.
Anti-insulin antibody decreased	Anti-insulin antibody decreased
Post thrombotic syndrome	Post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS), also called postphlebitic syndrome and venous stress disorder is a medical condition that may occur as a long-term complication of deep vein thrombosis (DVT).
Visual field tests abnormal	Visual field tests abnormal
Glomerular filtration rate	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Vulval cancer stage 0	Vulval cancer stage 0
Endocrine test	The endocrine system is a chemical messenger system comprising feedback loops of hormones released by internal glands of an organism directly into the circulatory system, regulating distant target organs.
Cardiac output	"Cardiac output, also denoted by the symbols 
  
    
      
        Q
      
    
    {\displaystyle Q}
  , or 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                Q
                ˙
              
            
          
          
            c
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\dot {Q}}_{c}}
  , is a term used in cardiac physiology that describes the volume of blood being pumped by the heart, in particular by the left or right ventricle, per unit time."
Tolosa-Hunt syndrome	Tolosa–Hunt syndrome (THS) is a rare disorder characterized by severe and unilateral headaches with orbital pain, along with weakness and paralysis (ophthalmoplegia) of certain eye muscles (extraocular palsies).In 2004, the International Headache Society provided a definition of the diagnostic criteria which included granuloma.
Blood aldosterone increased	Blood aldosterone increased
Neonatal respiratory depression	Neonatal respiratory depression
Intra-abdominal haematoma	Intra-abdominal haematoma
Hepatitis B e antibody positive	Hepatitis B e antibody positive
Electrocardiogram QT interval normal	Electrocardiogram QT interval normal
Reflex test normal	A reflex, or reflex action, is an involuntary and nearly instantaneous movement in response to a stimulus.
Uterine cervical erosion	Uterine cervical erosion
Overlap syndrome	An overlap syndrome is a medical condition which shares features of at least two more widely recognised disorders.
Rhabdomyosarcoma	Rhabdomyosarcoma, or RMS, is an aggressive and highly malignant form of cancer that develops from skeletal (striated) muscle cells that have failed to fully differentiate.
Laryngomalacia	"Laryngomalacia (literally, ""soft larynx"") is the most common cause of chronic stridor in infancy, in which the soft, immature cartilage of the upper larynx collapses inward during inhalation, causing airway obstruction."
Pneumovirus test positive	Pneumovirus test positive
Vaccination site scar	Vaccination site scar
Saccadic eye movement	A saccade ( sə-KAHD, French for jerk) is a quick, simultaneous movement of both eyes between two or more phases of fixation in the same direction.
Capsule endoscopy	Capsule endoscopy is a procedure used to record internal images of the gastrointestinal tract for use in medical diagnosis.
Mutagenic effect	In genetics, a mutagen is a physical or chemical agent that changes the genetic material, usually DNA, of an organism and thus increases the frequency of mutations above the natural background level.
VIth nerve disorder	VIth nerve disorder
Mini mental status examination	The Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) or Folstein test is a 30-point questionnaire that is used extensively in clinical and research settings to measure cognitive impairment.
Paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria	Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) is a rare, acquired, life-threatening disease of the blood characterized by destruction of red blood cells by the complement system, a part of the body's innate immune system.
Blood corticotrophin increased	Blood corticotrophin increased
Mean cell volume decreased	The mean corpuscular volume, or mean cell volume (MCV), is a measure of the average volume of a red blood corpuscle (or red blood cell).
Listeriosis	Listeriosis is a bacterial infection most commonly caused by Listeria monocytogenes, although L. ivanovii and L. grayi have been reported in certain cases.
Phospholipidosis	Phospholipidosis is a lysosomal storage disorder characterized by the excess accumulation of phospholipids in tissues.
Beta 2 microglobulin urine normal	Beta 2 microglobulin urine normal
Antemortem blood drug level	Antemortem blood drug level
Ultrasound skull	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Interferon alpha level	Human type I interferons (IFNs) are a large subgroup of interferon proteins that help regulate the activity of the immune system.
Tongue movement disturbance	Tongue movement disturbance
Dexamethasone suppression test	The dexamethasone suppression test (DST) is used to assess adrenal gland function by measuring how cortisol levels change in response to an injection of dexamethasone.
Muscle operation	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Electrocardiogram P wave abnormal	Electrocardiogram P wave abnormal
Blood aluminium normal	Blood aluminium normal
Ecouvillonage	Ecouvillonage
Polyneuropathy idiopathic progressive	Polyneuropathy idiopathic progressive
Double stranded DNA antibody	Double stranded DNA antibody
Retinal infarction	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Bone abscess	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Lymphocyte stimulation test negative	Lymphocyte stimulation test negative
Enterococcal sepsis	Enterococcus is a large genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.
Hepatitis B e antibody	Hepatitis B e antibody
Waldenstrom's macroglobulinaemia	Waldenström's macroglobulinemia (WM), is a type of cancer affecting two types of B cells: lymphoplasmacytoid cells and plasma cells.
Expanded disability status scale	The Kurtzke Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS) is a method of quantifying disability in multiple sclerosis.
Chorioretinal atrophy	The choroid, also known as the choroidea or choroid coat, is the vascular layer of the eye, containing connective tissues, and lying between the retina and the sclera.
Psychiatric evaluation normal	Psychological assessment is defined as a way of assessing an individual's cognitive, academic, behavioral, social-emotional, and adaptive functioning.
Dermabrasion	Dermabrasion is a type of surgical skin planing, typically performed in a professional medical setting by a dermatologist or plastic surgeon trained specifically in this procedure.
Lumbosacral plexus lesion	The anterior divisions of the lumbar nerves, sacral nerves, and coccygeal nerve form the lumbosacral plexus, the first lumbar nerve being frequently joined by a branch from the twelfth thoracic.
Inguinal hernia, obstructive	Inguinal hernia, obstructive
Otoscopy normal	An otoscope or auriscope is a medical device which is used to look into the ears.
Anti-glycyl-tRNA synthetase antibody negative	Anti-glycyl-tRNA synthetase antibody negative
Cerebrospinal fluid reservoir placement	Cerebrospinal fluid reservoir placement
Electrocardiogram QRS complex shortened	Electrocardiogram QRS complex shortened
Eosinophilic colitis	Eosinophilic (Greek suffix -phil-, meaning loves eosin) refers to the staining of certain tissues, cells, or organelles after they have been washed with eosin, a dye.
Ovarian germ cell tumour	Ovarian germ cell tumour
Typhus	Typhus, also known as typhus fever, is a group of infectious diseases that include epidemic typhus, scrub typhus, and murine typhus.
Oophoritis	Oophoritis is an inflammation of the ovaries.
Inflammation scan	Inflammation (from Latin: inflammatio) is part of the complex biological response of body tissues to harmful stimuli, such as pathogens, damaged cells, or irritants, and is a protective response involving immune cells, blood vessels, and molecular mediators.
Muscle graft	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
CSF red blood cell count positive	CSF red blood cell count positive
Vasoconstriction	Vasoconstriction is the narrowing of the blood vessels resulting from contraction of the muscular wall of the vessels, in particular the large arteries and small arterioles.
Traumatic tooth displacement	Traumatic tooth displacement
Mitochondrial encephalomyopathy	A Mitochondrial encephalomyopathy is a form of encephalomyopathy that is associated with a mitochondrial disease.
Microbiology test normal	Microbiology test normal
Breast discharge infected	Nipple discharge is the release of fluid from the nipples of the breasts.
Presbyacusis	"Presbycusis (also spelled presbyacusis, from Greek presbys ""old"" + akousis ""hearing""), or age-related hearing loss, is the cumulative effect of aging on hearing."
Sputum test	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Blood oestrogen abnormal	Blood oestrogen abnormal
Skin neoplasm excision	Skin cancers are cancers that arise from the skin.
Canalith repositioning procedure	The Epley maneuver or  repositioning maneuver is a maneuver used by medical professionals to treat one common cause of vertigo,  benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV) of the posterior or anterior canals of the ear.
Delayed myelination	Delayed myelination
Diastasis recti abdominis	Diastasis recti,  or rectus abdominis diastasis, is defined as a gap of about 2.7 cm or greater between the two sides of the rectus abdominis muscle.
Reflux nephropathy	Reflux nephropathy is kidney damage (nephropathy) due to urine flowing backward (reflux) from the bladder toward the kidneys; the latter is called vesicoureteral reflux (VUR).
Thermometry abnormal	Temperature measurement, also known as thermometry, describes the process of measuring a current local temperature for immediate or later evaluation.
Pseudomonas test positive	Pseudomonas test positive
Neurosensory hypoacusis	Sensory neurons, also known as afferent neurons, are neurons in the central nervous system, that convert a specific type of stimulus, via their receptors, into action potentials or graded potentials.
Aeromonas test positive	Aeromonas test positive
Pressure of speech	Pressure of speech is a tendency to speak rapidly and frenziedly, as if motivated by an urgency not apparent to the listener.
Executive dysfunction	In psychology and neuroscience, executive dysfunction, or executive function deficit, is a disruption to the efficacy of the executive functions, which is a group of cognitive processes that regulate, control, and manage other cognitive processes.
Mini mental status examination abnormal	Mini mental status examination abnormal
PFAPA syndrome	Periodic fever, aphthous stomatitis, pharyngitis and adenitis syndrome is a medical condition, typically starting in young children, in which high fever occurs periodically at intervals of about 3–5 weeks, frequently accompanied by aphthous-like ulcers, pharyngitis and/or cervical adenitis (cervical lymphadenopathy).
Blood zinc increased	Blood zinc increased
Vitamin K deficiency	Vitamin K deficiency results from insufficient dietary vitamin K1 or vitamin K2 or both.
Intestinal malrotation repair	Intestinal malrotation is a congenital anomaly of rotation of the midgut.
Epiphyses delayed fusion	Epiphyses delayed fusion
Bone deformity	"Osteochondrodysplasia is a general term for a disorder of the development (dysplasia) of bone (""osteo"") and cartilage (""chondro"").Osteochondrodysplasias are rare diseases."
Beta-2 glycoprotein antibody	Beta-2 glycoprotein antibody
Exposure via unknown route	Exposure via unknown route
Metapneumovirus infection	Metapneumovirus is a genus of viruses in the family Pneumoviridae.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase normal	"Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD or G6PDH) (EC 1.1.1.49) is a cytosolic  enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-glucose 6-phosphate + NADP+  ⇌ 6-phospho-D-glucono-1,5-lactone + NADPH + H+This enzyme participates in the pentose phosphate pathway (see image), a metabolic pathway that supplies reducing energy to cells (such as erythrocytes) by maintaining the level of the co-enzyme nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH)."
Antithrombin III increased	Antithrombin (AT) is a small protein molecule that inactivates several enzymes of the coagulation system.
Decreased nasolabial fold	Decreased nasolabial fold
Norovirus test	Norovirus, sometimes referred to as the winter vomiting bug, is the most common cause of gastroenteritis.
Electrogastrogram	An electrogastrogram (EGG) is a graphic produced by an electrogastrograph, which records the electrical signals that travel through the stomach muscles and control the muscles' contractions.
Microencephaly	Microcephaly is a medical condition in which the brain does not develop properly resulting in a smaller than normal head.
Drug monitoring procedure not performed	Drug monitoring procedure not performed
Diabetic vascular disorder	Diabetic vascular disorder
Frontal lobe epilepsy	Frontal lobe epilepsy, or FLE, is a neurological disorder that is characterized by brief, recurring seizures that arise in the frontal lobes of the brain, often while the patient is sleeping.
Mesenteritis	Mesenteritis
Radioisotope scan	Positron-emission tomography (PET) is a nuclear medicine functional imaging technique that is used to observe metabolic processes in the body as an aid to the diagnosis of disease.
Corneal neovascularisation	Corneal neovascularization (CNV) is the in-growth of new blood vessels from the pericorneal plexus into avascular corneal tissue as a result of oxygen deprivation.
Trisomy 13	Patau syndrome is a syndrome caused by a chromosomal abnormality, in which some or all of the cells of the body contain extra genetic material from chromosome 13.
Female sex hormone level abnormal	Female sex hormone level abnormal
Bile acid malabsorption	Bile acid malabsorption, known also as bile acid diarrhea, is a cause of several gut-related problems, the main one being chronic diarrhea.
Hepatitis C RNA negative	Hepatitis C RNA negative
Severe myoclonic epilepsy of infancy	Dravet syndrome, previously known as severe myoclonic epilepsy of infancy (SMEI), is a type of epilepsy with seizures that are often triggered by hot temperatures or fever.
Vascular access complication	Vascular access refers to a rapid, direct method of introducing or removing devices or chemicals from the bloodstream.
Gastroenteritis enteroviral	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Electrolyte substitution therapy	Electrolyte substitution therapy
Pharyngeal injury	Pharyngeal injury
Lacrimation disorder	Tears are a clear liquid secreted by the glands (known as tear ducts) found in the eyes of all land mammals (except for goats and rabbits).
Rheumatic heart disease	Rheumatic fever (RF) is an inflammatory disease that can involve the heart, joints, skin, and brain.
Toxoplasmosis	Toxoplasmosis is a parasitic disease caused by Toxoplasma gondii.
Retirement	Retirement is the withdrawal from one's position or occupation or from one's active working life.
Skin wound	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Genitourinary tract infection	The genitourinary system, or urogenital system, is the organ system of the reproductive organs and the urinary system.
Blood bilirubin unconjugated decreased	Blood bilirubin unconjugated decreased
Brain stent insertion	Brain stent insertion
Palmoplantar pustulosis	Pustulosis palmaris et plantaris  is a chronic recurrent pustular dermatosis (that is, a pustulosis or pustular psoriasis) localized on the palms and soles only, characterized histologically by intraepidermal pustules filled with neutrophils.
Physical deconditioning	Physical deconditioning
Intestinal dilatation	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Encephalitis haemorrhagic	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Cardiovascular examination abnormal	The cardiovascular examination is a portion of the physical examination that involves evaluation of the cardiovascular system.
Human metapneumovirus test	Human metapneumovirus (HMPV) is a negative-sense single-stranded RNA virus of the family Pneumoviridae and is closely related to the Avian metapneumovirus (AMPV) subgroup C. It was isolated for the first time in 2001 in the Netherlands by using the RAP-PCR (RNA arbitrarily primed PCR) technique for identification of unknown viruses growing in cultured cells.
Xerophthalmia	Xerophthalmia (from Ancient Greek xērós (ξηρός) meaning dry and ophthalmos (οφθαλμός) meaning eye) is a medical condition in which the eye fails to produce tears.
Haemangioma-thrombocytopenia syndrome	Haemangioma-thrombocytopenia syndrome
Hypermobility syndrome	Hypermobility syndrome (HMS), Hypermobility Spectrum Disorder (HSD), or joint hypermobility syndrome (JHS) is a heritable connective tissue disorder that affects the joints and ligaments in a person's body.
Melanaemia	Melanaemia
Instillation site erythema	Instillation site erythema
Subglottic laryngitis	Subglottic laryngitis
Respirovirus test positive	Respirovirus test positive
Meniscus injury	A meniscus is a crescent-shaped fibrocartilaginous anatomical structure that, in contrast to an articular disc, only partly divides a joint cavity.
Anterior chamber cell	The anterior chamber (AC) is the aqueous humor-filled space inside the eye between the iris and the cornea's innermost surface, the endothelium.
Activated partial thromboplastin time ratio increased	Activated partial thromboplastin time ratio increased
Neisseria test	Neisseria is a large genus of bacteria that colonize the mucosal surfaces of many animals.
Thrombolysis	Thrombolysis, also called fibrinolytic therapy,  is the breakdown (lysis) of blood clots formed in blood vessels, using medication.
Multipathogen PCR test	Multipathogen PCR test
Pelvi-ureteric obstruction	Pelvi-ureteric obstruction
PCO2 decreased	"The pCO2, PCO2, 
  
    
      
        
          p
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle p_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
  or 
  
    
      
        
          P
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
   is the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (CO2), often used in reference to blood, but also used in oceanography to describe the partial pressure of CO2 in the ocean, and in life support systems engineering and underwater diving to describe the partial pressure in a breathing gas."
Palatal palsy	The palate  is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals.
Biopsy salivary gland normal	Biopsy salivary gland normal
Leukoencephalopathy	Leukoencephalopathy (leukodystrophy-like diseases) is all of the brain white matter diseases, whether their molecular cause is known or not.
Septic screen	Septic shock is a potentially fatal medical condition that occurs when sepsis, which is organ injury or damage in response to infection, leads to dangerously low blood pressure and abnormalities in cellular metabolism.
Secondary progressive multiple sclerosis	Secondary progressive multiple sclerosis
Renal colic	Renal colic is a type of abdominal pain commonly caused by kidney stones.
General physical condition decreased	General physical condition decreased
Enterococcus test	Enterococcus is a large genus of lactic acid bacteria of the phylum Firmicutes.
Neurogenic bowel	The nervous system is a highly complex part of an animal that coordinates its actions and sensory information by transmitting signals to and from different parts of its body.
Bile output increased	Bile output increased
Spinal X-ray abnormal	Spinal X-ray abnormal
Haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis	Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, also known as haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (British spelling), and hemophagocytic or haemophagocytic syndrome, is an uncommon hematologic disorder seen more often in children than in adults.
Trigeminal nerve paresis	The trigeminal nerve (the fifth cranial nerve, or simply CN V) is a nerve responsible for sensation in the face and motor functions such as biting and chewing; it is the largest of the cranial nerves.
B-lymphocyte count increased	B-lymphocyte count increased
Brachytherapy	Brachytherapy is a form of radiotherapy where a sealed radiation source is placed inside or next to the area requiring treatment.
Angiopathic neuropathy	Angiopathic neuropathy
Mucosal hypertrophy	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Administration site vesicles	Administration site vesicles
Mean cell haemoglobin concentration decreased	Mean cell haemoglobin concentration decreased
Renal mass	Kidney tumours are tumours, or growths, on or in the kidney.
Coagulation factor VII level decreased	Coagulation factor VII level decreased
Gastric emptying study	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Foetal renal imaging abnormal	Foetal renal imaging abnormal
Subchorionic haematoma	Subchorionic haematoma
Nail infection	Nail infection
Blood osmolarity	Plasma osmolality measures the body's electrolyte-water balance.
Leiomyoma	A leiomyoma, also known as fibroids, is a benign smooth muscle tumor that very rarely becomes cancer (0.1%).
Bipolar II disorder	Bipolar II disorder is a bipolar spectrum disorder (see also: Bipolar I disorder) characterized by at least one episode of hypomania and at least one episode of major depression.
Nephrectomy	A Nephrectomy is the surgical removal of a kidney, performed to treat a number of kidney diseases including kidney cancer.
Mastocytosis	Mastocytosis, a type of mast cell disease, is a rare disorder affecting both children and adults caused by the accumulation of functionally defective mast cells (also called mastocytes) and CD34+ mast cell precursors.People affected by mastocytosis are susceptible to a variety of symptoms, including itching, hives, and anaphylactic shock, caused by the release of histamine and other pro-inflammatory substances from mast cells.
Monocyte count abnormal	Monocyte count abnormal
Expanded disability status scale score decreased	Expanded disability status scale score decreased
Recurrent cancer	Recurrent cancer
Vitamin D decreased	Vitamin D is a group of fat-soluble secosteroids responsible for increasing intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate, and multiple other biological effects.
Feelings of worthlessness	Feelings of worthlessness
Eyelid boil	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Hair metal test normal	Hair metal test normal
Ligamentitis	Ligamentitis
Tympanometry abnormal	Tympanometry is an examination used to test the condition of the middle ear and mobility of the eardrum (tympanic membrane) and the conduction bones by creating variations of air pressure in the ear canal.
Computerised tomogram spine	Computerised tomogram spine
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging neck	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Hyperoxaluria	Hyperoxaluria is an excessive urinary excretion of oxalate.
Allogenic stem cell transplantation	Allogenic stem cell transplantation
Fibrosarcoma	Fibrosarcoma (fibroblastic sarcoma) is a malignant mesenchymal tumour derived from fibrous connective tissue and characterized by the presence of immature proliferating fibroblasts or undifferentiated anaplastic spindle cells in a storiform pattern.
CSF red blood cell count	CSF red blood cell count
Muscle discomfort	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Tri-iodothyronine increased	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Stress fracture	Stress fracture is a fatigue-induced fracture of the bone caused by repeated stress over time.
Insulin C-peptide abnormal	Insulin C-peptide abnormal
Human bocavirus infection	Human bocavirus (HBoV) is the name given to all viruses in the genus Bocaparvovirus of virus family Parvoviridae that are known to infect humans.
Central vision loss	Central vision loss
Prenatal care	Prenatal care, also known as antenatal care, is a type of preventive healthcare.
Rhesus antibodies negative	Rhesus antibodies negative
Canthoplasty	Canthus (pl.
Electrocardiogram QT interval	Electrocardiogram QT interval
Ultrasound Doppler normal	Ultrasound Doppler normal
Anorectal swelling	Anorectal anomalies are congenital malformations of the anus and rectum.
EGFR status assay	EGFR status assay
Teeth brittle	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Investigation noncompliance	Investigation noncompliance
Basal ganglia haemorrhage	The basal ganglia (or basal nuclei) are a group of subcortical nuclei, of varied origin, in the brains of vertebrates, including humans, which are situated at the base of the forebrain and top of the midbrain.
Blood creatine phosphokinase MM normal	Blood creatine phosphokinase MM normal
Passive smoking	"Passive smoking is the inhalation of smoke, called secondhand smoke (SHS), or environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), by persons other than the intended ""active"" smoker."
Sexually active	Human sexual activity, human sexual practice or human sexual behaviour is the manner in which humans experience and express their sexuality.
Oral contusion	Oral contusion
Gingival pruritus	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Systemic infection	A systemic disease is one that affects a number of organs and tissues, or affects the body as a whole.
Radioactive iodine therapy	There are 37 known isotopes of iodine (53I) from 108I to 144I; all undergo radioactive decay except 127I, which is stable.
Oxygen saturation increased	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Prenatal screening test abnormal	Prenatal screening test abnormal
Second primary malignancy	Second primary malignancy
Enteroclysis	An upper gastrointestinal series, also called an upper gastrointestinal study or contrast radiography of the upper gastrointestinal tract, and often known as a barium meal, is a series of radiographs used to examine the gastrointestinal tract for abnormalities.
Hepatitis C virus test	Hepatitis C virus (HCV), a member of the Hepacivirus C species, is a small (55–65 nm in size), enveloped, positive-sense single-stranded RNA virus of the family Flaviviridae.
Ultrasound breast	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Loss of employment	Loss of employment
Fluorescent in situ hybridisation positive	Fluorescence in situ hybridization  (FISH) is a molecular cytogenetic technique that uses fluorescent probes that bind to only those parts of a nucleic acid sequence with a high degree of sequence complementarity.
Interferon gamma release assay	Interferon-γ release assays (IGRA) are medical tests used in the diagnosis of some infectious diseases, especially tuberculosis.
Escherichia test	Escherichia  is a genus of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria from the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Vascular pain	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Joint deposit	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Stomach mass	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Pelvic prolapse	The pelvis (plural pelves or  pelvises) is either the lower part of the trunk of the human body between the abdomen and the thighs (sometimes also called pelvic region of the trunk) or the skeleton embedded in it (sometimes also called bony pelvis, or pelvic skeleton).
Corticobasal degeneration	Corticobasal degeneration (CBD)  is a rare, neurodegenerative disease involving the cerebral cortex and the basal ganglia.
Carbohydrate antigen 19-9 increased	Carbohydrate antigen 19-9 increased
Septic encephalopathy	Septic shock is a potentially fatal medical condition that occurs when sepsis, which is organ injury or damage in response to infection, leads to dangerously low blood pressure and abnormalities in cellular metabolism.
Glomerular filtration rate increased	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Blood pyruvic acid normal	Blood pyruvic acid normal
Blood parathyroid hormone normal	Blood parathyroid hormone normal
Prophylaxis against HIV infection	Prophylaxis against HIV infection
Throat clearing	In vertebrate anatomy, the throat is the front part of the neck, positioned in front of the vertebra.
Product use complaint	Product use complaint
Tenoplasty	Tenoplasty
Persistent depressive disorder	Persistent depressive disorder (PDD), formerly known as dysthymia, is a mood disorder consisting of the same cognitive and physical problems as depression, with less severe but longer-lasting symptoms.
Neoplasm progression	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Rib fracture	A rib fracture is a break in a rib bone.
Breast prosthesis implantation	Breast prostheses are breast forms intended to simulate breasts.
End stage renal disease	Kidney failure, also known as end-stage kidney disease, is a medical condition in which the kidneys are functioning at less than 15% of normal.
Positron emission tomogram normal	Positron emission tomogram normal
Procedural site reaction	Procedural site reaction
Partner stress	Partner stress
X-ray with contrast upper gastrointestinal tract	X-ray with contrast upper gastrointestinal tract
West Nile viral infection	West Nile viral infection
Tryptase	Tryptase (EC 3.4.21.59, ) is the most abundant secretory granule-derived serine proteinase contained in mast cells and has been used as a marker for mast cell activation.
Carbon monoxide diffusing capacity decreased	Carbon monoxide diffusing capacity decreased
Sputum abnormal	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Spinal anaesthesia	Spinal anaesthesia (or spinal anesthesia), also called spinal block, subarachnoid block, intradural block and intrathecal block, is a form of neuraxial regional anaesthesia involving the injection of a local anaesthetic or opioid into the subarachnoid space, generally through a fine needle, usually 9 cm (3.5 in) long.
Toxicologic test normal	Toxicologic test normal
Skin culture	Skin grafting is a type of graft surgery involving the transplantation of skin.
Hypersplenism	Splenomegaly is an enlargement of the spleen.
Hand fracture	A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs.
Intelligence test abnormal	An intelligence quotient (IQ) is a total score derived from several standardized tests designed to assess human intelligence.
Ventriculo-peritoneal shunt	Cerebral shunts are commonly used to treat hydrocephalus, the swelling of the brain due to excess buildup of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Female sex hormone level	Sex steroids, also known as gonadocorticoids and gonadal steroids, are steroid hormones that interact with vertebrate androgen or estrogen receptors.
Auditory neuropathy spectrum disorder	Auditory neuropathy spectrum disorder (ANSD) is a specific form of hearing loss defined by the presence of normal or near-normal otoacoustic emissions (OAEs) but the absence of normal middle ear reflexes and severely abnormal or completely absent auditory brainstem response (ABRs).
Nerve root injury cervical	Nerve root injury cervical
Penoscrotal fusion	Penoscrotal fusion
Heterotaxia	Situs ambiguus is a rare congenital defect in which the major visceral organs are distributed abnormally within the chest and abdomen.
Non-small cell lung cancer	Non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) is any type of epithelial lung cancer other than small cell lung carcinoma (SCLC).
Extradural haematoma	Epidural hematoma is when bleeding occurs between the tough outer membrane covering the brain (dura mater) and the skull.
Implant site discolouration	Implant site discolouration
Von Willebrand's disease	Von Willebrand disease (vWD) is the most common hereditary blood-clotting disorder in humans.
Foetal monitoring normal	Foetal monitoring normal
Instillation site reaction	Instillation site reaction
Blood triglycerides abnormal	Blood triglycerides abnormal
Pancreatic enzymes increased	Digestive enzymes are a group of enzymes that break down polymeric macromolecules into their smaller building blocks, in order to facilitate their absorption by the body.
Bladder hydrodistension	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Protein total	Proteins are large biomolecules, or macromolecules, consisting of one or more long chains of amino acid residues.
Post-traumatic pain	Post-traumatic pain
Delayed puberty	Delayed puberty is when a person lacks or has incomplete development of specific sexual characteristics past the usual age of onset of puberty.
Nasal mucosal discolouration	Nasal mucosal discolouration
Biopsy tonsil	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Urine abnormality	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Ultrasound skull abnormal	Ultrasound skull abnormal
X-ray with contrast lower gastrointestinal tract	X-ray with contrast lower gastrointestinal tract
Spinal fusion surgery	Spinal fusion, also called spondylodesis or spondylosyndesis, is a neurosurgical or orthopedic surgical technique that joins two or more vertebrae.
Shift to the right	Shift to the right
Oral cavity fistula	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Human rhinovirus test	"The rhinovirus (from the Greek ῥίς rhis  ""nose"", gen ῥινός rhinos ""of the nose"", and the Latin vīrus) is the most common viral infectious agent in humans and is the predominant cause of the common cold."
Vascular malformation	Vascular malformation, is a blood vessel abnormality.
Serratia infection	Serratia infection refers to a disease caused by a species in the genus Serratia.
Self-injurious ideation	Self-harm, also known as self-injury, is defined as the intentional, direct injuring of body tissue, done without the intent to commit suicide.
Psychomotor seizures	Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is a chronic disorder of the nervous system characterized by recurrent, unprovoked focal seizures that originate in the temporal lobe of the brain and last about one or two minutes.
Pathological doubt	Pathology is the study of the causes and effects of disease or injury.
Air embolism	An air embolism, also known as a  gas embolism, is a blood vessel blockage caused by one or more bubbles of air or other gas in the circulatory system.
Glossopharyngeal nerve disorder	The glossopharyngeal nerve, known as the ninth cranial nerve (CN IX), is a mixed nerve that carries afferent sensory and efferent motor information.
Temperature intolerance	A temperature expresses hot and cold, as measured with a thermometer.
Oropharyngeal surgery	The pharynx (plural: pharynges) is the part of the throat behind the mouth and nasal cavity, and above the esophagus and larynx – the tubes going down to the stomach and the lungs.
Rhesus antigen negative	The Rh blood group system is one of forty-five known human blood group systems.
Sickle cell anaemia	Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of blood disorders typically inherited from a person's parents.
Localised intraabdominal fluid collection	Localised intraabdominal fluid collection
Diabetic ulcer	A chronic wound is a wound that does not heal in an orderly set of stages and in a predictable amount of time the way most wounds do; wounds that do not heal within three months are often considered chronic.
Computerised tomogram liver	Computerised tomogram liver
Conjunctival pallor	The conjunctiva is a tissue that lines the inside of the eyelids and covers the sclera (the white of the eye).
Cardiopulmonary exercise test abnormal	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Vital dye staining cornea present	Vital dye staining cornea present
Myoglobin urine absent	Myoglobin urine absent
Iontophoresis	Iontophoresis is a process of transdermal drug delivery by use of a voltage gradient on the skin.
Small intestine operation	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Specific gravity urine normal	Specific gravity urine normal
Blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasia	Blastic plasmacytoid dendritic cell neoplasia
Eye infection staphylococcal	ICD-10 is an international statistical classification used in health care and related industries.
Calcium ionised increased	Calcium ionised increased
Energy increased	In physics, energy is the quantitative property that must be transferred to an object in order to perform work on, or to heat, the object.
Nail matrix biopsy	A nail is a horn-like keratinous envelope covering the tips of the fingers and toes in most primates.
Ovarian germ cell teratoma	Ovarian germ cell teratoma
Joint manipulation	Joint manipulation is a type of passive movement of a skeletal joint.
Periorbital disorder	The periorbita is the area around the orbit.
Product container seal issue	Product container seal issue
Ultrasound biliary tract	Ultrasound biliary tract
Device infusion issue	Device infusion issue
Biopsy kidney normal	Biopsy kidney normal
Acquired Von Willebrand's disease	Acquired Von Willebrand's disease
Tracheo-oesophageal fistula	A tracheoesophageal fistula (TEF, or TOF; see spelling differences) is an abnormal connection (fistula) between the esophagus and the trachea.
Cardiac output decreased	"Cardiac output, also denoted by the symbols 
  
    
      
        Q
      
    
    {\displaystyle Q}
  , or 
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
                Q
                ˙
              
            
          
          
            c
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle {\dot {Q}}_{c}}
  , is a term used in cardiac physiology that describes the volume of blood being pumped by the heart, in particular by the left or right ventricle, per unit time."
Nerve root compression	A nerve root (Latin: radix nervi) is the initial segment of a nerve leaving the central nervous system.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging thoracic	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Compulsive handwashing	Compulsive behavior is defined as performing an act persistently and repetitively without it necessarily leading to an actual reward or pleasure.
Optical coherence tomography abnormal	Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is an imaging technique that uses low-coherence light to capture micrometer-resolution, two- and three-dimensional images from within optical scattering media (e.g., biological tissue).
Prostatomegaly	The prostate is an exocrine gland of the male reproductive system in most mammals.
Diverticulectomy	Diverticulectomy
Meningitis cryptococcal	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Blood chloride abnormal	Blood chloride abnormal
Vaccination site injury	Vaccination site injury
Ischaemia	Ischemia or ischaemia is a restriction in blood supply to tissues, causing a shortage of oxygen that is needed for cellular metabolism (to keep tissue alive).
Blastic plasmacytoid dendritric cell neoplasia	Blastic plasmacytoid dendritric cell neoplasia
Folate deficiency	Folate deficiency is a low level of folate and derivatives in the body.
Right atrial dilatation	Right atrial dilatation
Puncture site reaction	Puncture site reaction
Naevus flammeus	A port-wine stain (nevus flammeus) is a discoloration of the human skin  caused by a vascular anomaly (a capillary malformation in the skin).
Endoscopy upper gastrointestinal tract normal	Endoscopy upper gastrointestinal tract normal
Manipulation	Manipulation
Troponin I normal	Troponin I is a cardiac and skeletal muscle protein family.
Familial periodic paralysis	Periodic paralysis is a group of rare genetic diseases that lead to weakness or paralysis  from common triggers such as cold, heat, high carbohydrate meals, not eating, stress or excitement and physical activity of any kind.
Pupil dilation procedure	Pupillary response is a physiological response that varies the size of the pupil, via the optic and oculomotor cranial nerve.
Enzyme activity normal	Enzyme assays are laboratory methods for measuring enzymatic activity.
Gallbladder obstruction	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Iodine uptake increased	Iodine uptake increased
Salpingo-oophorectomy unilateral	In medicine, salpingoophorectomy is the removal of an ovary and its Fallopian tube.
Subchorionic haemorrhage	Subchorionic haemorrhage
Lung operation	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Blood follicle stimulating hormone decreased	Blood follicle stimulating hormone decreased
Blood chromogranin A	Blood chromogranin A
Genitals enlarged	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Iliotibial band syndrome	Iliotibial band syndrome (ITBS) is a common injury to the knee, generally associated with running, cycling, hiking or weight-lifting (especially squats).
Ehrlichia test	Ehrlichia is a genus of Rickettsiales bacteria that are transmitted to vertebrates by ticks.
Meniscus operation	A meniscus is a crescent-shaped fibrocartilaginous anatomical structure that, in contrast to an articular disc, only partly divides a joint cavity.
Benign breast neoplasm	Benign breast neoplasm
Shift to the left	Shift to the left
Duodenal obstruction	The duodenum is the first section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
Slit-lamp examination	A slit lamp is an instrument consisting of a high-intensity light source that can be focused to shine a thin sheet of light into the eye.
Tattoo	A tattoo is a form of body modification where a design is made by inserting ink, dyes and pigments, either indelible or temporary, into the dermis layer of the skin to change the pigment.
Monocyte percentage decreased	Monocyte percentage decreased
Drug metabolising enzyme test abnormal	Drug metabolising enzyme test abnormal
Acquired oesophageal web	Acquired oesophageal web
Bunion	A bunion is a deformity of the joint connecting the big toe to the foot.
Eosinophils urine	Eosinophils, sometimes called eosinophiles or, less commonly, acidophils, are a variety of white blood cells and one of the immune system components responsible for combating multicellular parasites and certain infections in vertebrates.
Radiation skin injury	Radiation skin injury
Cervical cyst	A branchial cleft cyst is a cyst as a swelling in the upper part of neck anterior to sternocleidomastoid.
Scleral disorder	Scleral disorder
Ultrasound eye	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Malaria antibody test	Malaria antibody test
Nitrite urine present	Nitrite urine present
Small intestinal stenosis	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Urethral valves	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Near drowning	Drowning is defined as respiratory impairment as a result of being in or under a liquid.
Pharyngeal erosion	Pharyngeal erosion
Spinal cord haemorrhage	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Uterine dilation and evacuation	Uterine dilation and evacuation
Troponin normal	Troponin, or the troponin complex, is a complex of three regulatory proteins (troponin C, troponin I, and troponin T) that is integral to muscle contraction in skeletal muscle and cardiac muscle, but not smooth muscle.
Haptoglobin	Haptoglobin (abbreviated as Hp) is the protein that in humans is encoded by the HP gene.
Fallopian tube operation	The Fallopian tubes, also known as uterine tubes or salpinges (singular salpinx) are uterine appendages.
Left ventricular hypertrophy	Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is thickening of the heart muscle of the left ventricle of the heart, that is, left-sided ventricular hypertrophy.
Trichomoniasis	Trichomoniasis (trich) is an infectious disease caused by the parasite Trichomonas vaginalis.
Umbilical cord thrombosis	In placental mammals, the umbilical cord (also called the navel string, birth cord or funiculus umbilicalis) is a conduit between the developing embryo or fetus and the placenta.
Myocarditis septic	Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation of the heart muscle.
Haemoglobin urine present	Haemoglobin urine present
Ultrasound kidney	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Meconium stain	Meconium is the earliest stool of a mammalian infant.
Bone lesion	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Portopulmonary hypertension	Portopulmonary hypertension (PPH) is defined by the coexistence of portal and pulmonary hypertension.
Transposition of the great vessels	Transposition of the great vessels (TGV) is a group of congenital heart defects  involving an abnormal spatial arrangement of any of the great vessels: superior and/or inferior venae cavae, pulmonary artery, pulmonary veins, and aorta.
Increased viscosity of bronchial secretion	Increased viscosity of bronchial secretion
Pulmonary artery stenosis congenital	Pulmonary artery stenosis congenital
Smear vagina	Smear vagina
Onychalgia	Onychalgia
Vagus nerve disorder	The vagus nerve ( VAY-gəs), historically cited as the pneumogastric nerve, is the tenth cranial nerve or CN X, and interfaces with the parasympathetic control of the heart, lungs, and digestive tract.
Brain compression	Brain herniation is a potentially deadly side effect of very high pressure within the skull that occurs when a part of the brain is squeezed across structures within the skull.
Blood parathyroid hormone abnormal	Blood parathyroid hormone abnormal
Monocyte count normal	Monocyte count normal
Encephalomalacia	Cerebral softening, also known as encephalomalacia, is a localized softening of the substance of the brain, due to bleeding or inflammation.
Smear buccal	Smear buccal
Interferon alpha level increased	Interferon alpha level increased
Spinal myelogram abnormal	Spinal myelogram abnormal
Radial pulse abnormal	In human anatomy, the radial artery is the main artery of the lateral aspect of the forearm.
Urinary system x-ray abnormal	Urinary system x-ray abnormal
Platelet morphology abnormal	Platelet morphology abnormal
Brain natriuretic peptide abnormal	Brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), also known as B-type natriuretic peptide, is a hormone secreted by cardiomyocytes in the heart ventricles in response to stretching caused by increased ventricular blood volume.
Stress urinary incontinence	Stress incontinence, also known as stress urinary incontinence (SUI) or effort incontinence is a form of urinary incontinence.
Encephalitic infection	Encephalitic infection
Iatrogenic injury	"A medical error is a preventable adverse effect of care (""iatrogenesis""), whether or not it is evident or harmful to the patient."
Colon injury	Colon injury
Perineal laceration	A perineal tear is a laceration of the skin and other soft tissue structures which, in women, separate the vagina from the anus.
Wisdom teeth removal	A wisdom tooth or third molar is one of the three molars per quadrant of the human dentition.
Skin turgor decreased	In physiology, dehydration is a deficit of total body water, with an accompanying disruption of metabolic processes.
Excessive exercise	Spherical trigonometry is the branch of spherical geometry that deals with the relationships between trigonometric functions of the sides and angles of the spherical polygons (especially spherical triangles) defined by a number of intersecting great circles on the sphere.
Myoglobin urine	Myoglobin (symbol Mb or MB) is an iron- and oxygen-binding protein found in the muscle tissue of vertebrates in general and in almost all mammals.
Overfeeding of infant	Overfeeding of infant
Ear piercing	Body piercing, a form of body modification, is the practice of puncturing or cutting a part of the human body, creating an opening in which jewelry may be worn, or where an implant could be inserted.
Hereditary angioedema	Hereditary angioedema (HAE) is a disorder that results in recurrent attacks of severe swelling.
Physical product label issue	Physical product label issue
Blood cannabinoids increased	Blood cannabinoids increased
Packed red blood cell transfusion	Packed red blood cells, also known as packed cells, are red blood cells that have been separated for blood transfusion.
Tooth repair	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Malaria antibody test positive	Malaria antibody test positive
Therapeutic aspiration	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Gastric mucosal hypertrophy	Gastric mucosal hypertrophy
Gestational trophoblastic tumour	Gestational trophoblastic tumour
Pyuria	Pyuria is the condition of urine containing white blood cells or pus.
Loss of libido	Hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) or inhibited sexual desire (ISD) is considered a sexual dysfunction and is characterized as a lack or absence of sexual fantasies and desire for sexual activity, as judged by a clinician.
Monocytopenia	Monocytopenia is a form of leukopenia associated with a deficiency of monocytes.
Myringitis bullous	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Prinzmetal angina	Variant angina, and less commonly vasospastic angina, angina inversa, coronary vessel spasm, or coronary artery vasospasm, is a syndrome typically consisting of angina (cardiac chest pain) that unlike classical angina, which is triggered by exertion or exercise, commonly occurs in individuals at rest or even asleep.
Cystitis-like symptom	Cystitis-like symptom
Thrombophlebitis superficial	Thrombophlebitis is a phlebitis (inflammation of a vein) related to a thrombus (blood clot).
Glioblastoma multiforme	Glioblastoma, also known as glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), is the most aggressive cancer that begins within the brain.
Progesterone decreased	Progesterone (P4) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle, pregnancy, and embryogenesis of humans and other species.
Hypergammaglobulinaemia benign monoclonal	Hypergammaglobulinaemia benign monoclonal
Malignant neoplasm progression	Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
Ultrasound foetal	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Endotracheal intubation complication	Tracheal intubation, usually simply referred to as intubation, is the placement of a flexible plastic tube into the trachea (windpipe) to maintain an open airway or to serve as a conduit through which to administer certain drugs.
Central nervous system function test abnormal	Central nervous system function test abnormal
Electrocardiogram QRS complex abnormal	Electrocardiogram QRS complex abnormal
Periorbital haematoma	The periorbita is the area around the orbit.
Stool reducing substances increased	Stool reducing substances increased
Scan with contrast	Scan with contrast
Trendelenburg position	In the Trendelenburg position, the body is laid supine, or flat on the back on a 15-30 degree incline with the feet elevated above the head.
Human herpes virus 6 serology negative	Human herpes virus 6 serology negative
Tobacco user	Tobacco is the common name of several plants in the Nicotiana genus and the Solanaceae (nightshade) family, and the general term for any product prepared from the cured leaves of the tobacco plant.
West Nile virus test negative	West Nile virus test negative
Incision site pain	Incision site pain
Oesophagogastroduodenoscopy	Esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD; ), also called by various other names, is a diagnostic endoscopic procedure that visualizes the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract down to the duodenum.
Wound treatment	The history of wound care spans from prehistory to modern medicine.
Nodal marginal zone B-cell lymphoma	The B-cell lymphomas are types of lymphoma affecting B cells.
T-lymphocyte count decreased	T-lymphocyte count decreased
Coombs test	A Coombs test (also known as antiglobulin test or AGT) is either of two clinical blood tests used in immunohematology and immunology.
Scapulothoracic dissociation	The shoulder girdle or pectoral girdle is the set of bones in the appendicular skeleton which connects to the arm on each side.
Electrocardiogram QRS complex normal	Electrocardiogram QRS complex normal
Skin chapped	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Ultrasound thyroid	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Fibronectin increased	Fibronectin is a high-molecular weight (~440kDa) glycoprotein of the extracellular matrix that binds to membrane-spanning receptor proteins called integrins.
Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography	Magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography (MRCP) is a medical imaging technique that uses magnetic resonance imaging to visualize the biliary and pancreatic ducts in a non-invasive manner.
Exercise test	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Abdominal wall abscess	In anatomy, the abdominal wall represents the boundaries of the abdominal cavity.
Perineal infection	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Medical diet	Medicine is the science and practice of establishing the diagnosis, prognosis, treatment, and prevention of disease.
Bladder dilatation	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging whole body	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging whole body
Malaria antibody test negative	Malaria antibody test negative
Puncture site induration	Puncture site induration
Lichenification	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Ovulation disorder	Ovulation is the release of eggs from the ovaries.
Hepatoblastoma	Hepatoblastoma is an uncommon malignant liver cancer occurring in infants and children and composed of tissue resembling fetal liver cells, mature liver cells, or bile duct cells.
Product sterility lacking	Product sterility lacking
Pancreatic carcinoma	Pancreatic cancer arises when cells in the pancreas, a glandular organ behind the stomach, begin to multiply out of control and form a mass.
Stress cardiomyopathy	Takotsubo cardiomyopathy, also known as stress cardiomyopathy, is a type of non-ischemic cardiomyopathy in which there is a sudden temporary weakening of the muscular portion of the heart.
Heart valve replacement	Valve replacement surgery is the replacement of one or more of the heart valves with either an artificial heart valve or a bioprosthesis (homograft from human tissue or xenograft e.g.
Neisseria infection	Neisseria is a large genus of bacteria that colonize the mucosal surfaces of many animals.
Judgement impaired	Judgement (or US spelling judgment) is the evaluation of evidence to make a decision.
Urine protein/creatinine ratio increased	Urine protein/creatinine ratio is a widely used initial method to estimate daily protein excretion in urine.
Subcorneal pustular dermatosis	"IgA pemphigus is a subtype of pemphigus with two distinct forms:

Subcorneal pustular dermatosis (also known as Sneddon–Wilkinson disease and pustulosis subcornealis) is skin condition that is a rare, chronic, recurrent, pustular eruption characterized histopathologically by subcorneal pustules that contain abundant neutrophils."
Beta globulin normal	"Beta globulins are a group of globular proteins in plasma that are more mobile in alkaline or electrically charged solutions than gamma globulins, but less mobile than alpha globulins.Examples of beta globulins include: 

beta-2 microglobulin
plasminogen
angiostatins
properdin
sex hormone-binding globulin
transferrin"
Parasite stool test	Parasite stool test
Skeletal survey	A skeletal survey (also called a bone survey) is a series of X-rays of all the bones in the body, or at least the axial skeleton and the large cortical bones.
Intra-abdominal pressure increased	Intra-abdominal pressure increased
Toxicologic test abnormal	Toxicologic test abnormal
Ultrasound pelvis abnormal	Ultrasound pelvis abnormal
Duane's syndrome	Duane syndrome is a congenital rare type of strabismus most commonly characterized by the inability of the eye to move outwards.
Complement factor C2 decreased	Complement factor C2 decreased
Constricted affect	Reduced affect display, sometimes referred to as emotional blunting, is a condition of reduced emotional reactivity in an individual.
Suture removal	Suture is an compilation by industrial rock band Chemlab,  released in 2000.
Carcinoembryonic antigen normal	Carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) describes a set of highly related glycoproteins involved in cell adhesion.
Obstructed labour	Obstructed labour, also known as labour dystocia, is when the baby does not exit the pelvis during childbirth due to being physically blocked, despite the uterus contracting normally.
Small cell carcinoma	Small-cell carcinoma is a type of highly malignant cancer that most commonly arises within the lung, although it can occasionally arise in other body sites, such as the cervix, prostate, and gastrointestinal tract.
X-ray gastrointestinal tract normal	X-ray gastrointestinal tract normal
Mouth cyst	In animal anatomy, the mouth, also known as the oral cavity, buccal cavity, or in Latin cavum oris, is the opening through which many animals take in food and issue vocal sounds.
Vestibular function test	The vestibular system, in vertebrates, is part of the inner ear.
Coagulation factor VIII level decreased	Coagulation factor VIII level decreased
Urine viscosity abnormal	Urine viscosity abnormal
Cells in urine	Cells in urine
Tonsillectomy	Tonsillectomy is a surgical procedure in which both palatine tonsils are fully removed from the back of the throat.
Vitamin B12 deficiency	Vitamin B12 deficiency, also known as cobalamin deficiency, is the medical condition of low blood levels of vitamin B12.
Oral bacterial infection	Oral bacterial infection
Mean platelet volume normal	Mean platelet volume (MPV) is a machine-calculated measurement of the average size of platelets found in blood and is typically included in blood tests as part of the CBC.
Coeliac artery compression syndrome	In medicine, the median arcuate ligament syndrome (MALS, also known as celiac artery compression syndrome, celiac axis syndrome, celiac trunk compression syndrome or Dunbar syndrome) is a condition characterized by abdominal pain attributed to compression of the celiac artery and the celiac ganglia by the median arcuate ligament.
Painful defaecation	Pain is a distressing feeling often caused by intense or damaging stimuli.
Vestibular function test abnormal	Vestibular function test abnormal
Pancreas transplant rejection	A pancreas transplant is an organ transplant that involves implanting a healthy pancreas (one that can produce insulin) into a person who usually has diabetes.
Tongue coated	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Vaginal septum	A vaginal septum is a vaginal anomaly that is partition within the vagina; such a septum could be either longitudinal or transverse.
Respiratory muscle weakness	Respiratory muscle weakness
Intervertebral disc injury	An intervertebral disc (or intervertebral fibrocartilage) lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
Lack of spontaneous speech	Lack of spontaneous speech
Biopsy foetal	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
QRS axis abnormal	QRS axis abnormal
Steatorrhoea	Steatorrhea (or steatorrhoea) is the presence of excess fat in feces.
Superficial injury of eye	Superficial injury of eye
Mole excision	Mole excision
Urine ketone body present	Urine ketone body present
Osteosclerosis	Osteosclerosis is a disorder that is characterized by abnormal hardening of bone and an elevation in bone density.
Mean cell volume	The mean corpuscular volume, or mean cell volume (MCV), is a measure of the average volume of a red blood corpuscle (or red blood cell).
Bone marrow granuloma	Bone marrow is a semi-solid tissue which may be found within the spongy or cancellous portions of bones.
Gastritis erosive	Gastritis is inflammation of the lining of the stomach.
Cytokine release syndrome	Cytokine release syndrome, also known as an infusion reaction, is a form of systemic inflammatory response syndrome that arises as a complication of some diseases or infections, and is also an adverse effect of some monoclonal antibody drugs, as well as adoptive T-cell therapies.
Lipoprotein (a)	Lipoprotein(a) (also called Lp(a) or LPA) is a special kind of Low density lipoprotein, containing a protein called apolipoprotein(a) (also known as apo(a), not to be confused with apoA).
Shock haemorrhagic	Shock haemorrhagic
Thrombectomy	Mechanical thrombectomy, or simply thrombectomy, is the interventional procedure of removing a blood clot (thrombus) from a blood vessel.
Glucose tolerance test abnormal	The glucose tolerance test is a medical test in which glucose is given and blood samples taken afterward to determine how quickly it is cleared from the blood.
Immature respiratory system	Immature respiratory system
Positional plagiocephaly	Plagiocephaly, also known as flat head syndrome, is a condition characterized by an asymmetrical distortion (flattening of one side) of the skull.
Meconium in amniotic fluid	Meconium in amniotic fluid
Social problem	A social issue is a problem  that influences many individuals within a society.
Progesterone	Progesterone (P4) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle, pregnancy, and embryogenesis of humans and other species.
Intervertebral disc operation	An intervertebral disc (or intervertebral fibrocartilage) lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
Catecholamines urine normal	Catecholamines urine normal
Syphilis test	Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum.
Torsade de pointes	"Torsades de pointes or torsade de pointes (TdP) (French: [tɔʁsad də pwɛ̃t], translated as ""twisting of peaks""), is a specific type of abnormal heart rhythm that can lead to sudden cardiac death."
Potassium hydroxide preparation negative	Potassium hydroxide preparation negative
Hepatic lesion	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Parvovirus B19 serology positive	Parvovirus B19 serology positive
Histone antibody positive	Histone antibody positive
Poor weight gain neonatal	Poor weight gain neonatal
Serology normal	Serology is the scientific study of serum and other bodily fluids.
Loss of dreaming	Loss of dreaming
Hodgkin's disease nodular sclerosis stage unspecified	Hodgkin's disease nodular sclerosis stage unspecified
Tinea versicolour	Tinea versicolor is a condition characterized by a skin eruption on the trunk and proximal extremities.
Spinal cord paralysis	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Hip deformity	"In vertebrate anatomy, hip (or ""coxa"" in medical terminology) refers to either an anatomical region or a joint."
Ceruloplasmin increased	Ceruloplasmin (or caeruloplasmin) is a ferroxidase enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CP gene.Ceruloplasmin is the major copper-carrying protein in the blood, and in addition plays a role in iron metabolism.
Ultrasound scan vagina abnormal	Ultrasound scan vagina abnormal
Mean platelet volume	Mean platelet volume (MPV) is a machine-calculated measurement of the average size of platelets found in blood and is typically included in blood tests as part of the CBC.
Fluid intake restriction	Drinking is the act of ingesting water or other liquids into the body through the mouth, proboscis, or elsewhere.
Optical coherence tomography	Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is an imaging technique that uses low-coherence light to capture micrometer-resolution, two- and three-dimensional images from within optical scattering media (e.g., biological tissue).
Uterine spasm	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Pancreatectomy	In medicine, a pancreatectomy is the surgical removal of all or part of the pancreas.
Bacteria urine no organism observed	Bacteria urine no organism observed
Nasal cavity mass	The nasal cavity is a large, air-filled space above and behind the nose in the middle of the face.
Ultrasound uterus	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
T-lymphocyte count increased	T-lymphocyte count increased
Pneumonia herpes viral	Pneumonia herpes viral
Brugada syndrome	Brugada syndrome (BrS) is a genetic disorder in which the electrical activity within the heart is abnormal.
Virus culture positive	Viral culture is a laboratory test in which samples are placed with a cell type that the virus being tested for is able to infect.
Early sexual debut	Early sexual debut
Erythema toxicum neonatorum	Erythema toxicum neonatorum is a common rash in neonates.
Congenital genital malformation	Congenital genital malformation
Sandifer's syndrome	Sandifer syndrome (or Sandifer's syndrome) is an eponymous paediatric medical disorder, characterised by gastrointestinal symptoms and associated neurological features.
Inflammatory carcinoma of the breast	Inflammatory carcinoma of the breast
Factor V Leiden mutation	Factor V Leiden (rs6025) is a variant (mutated form) of human factor V (one of several substances that helps blood clot), which causes an increase in blood clotting (hypercoagulability).
Venous lake	"A venous lake (also known as ""Phlebectasis"") is a generally solitary, soft, compressible, dark blue to violaceous, 0.2- to 1-cm papule commonly found on sun-exposed surfaces of the vermilion border of the lip, face and ears."
Occupational problem environmental	Occupational problem environmental
Chlamydia serology positive	Chlamydia serology positive
Respiratory rate	The respiratory rate is the rate at which breathing occurs.
Foetal movements decreased	Fetal movement refers to motion of a fetus caused by its own muscle activity.
Epiglottic oedema	Epiglottic oedema
Pulmonary necrosis	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Foetal macrosomia	Birth weight is the body weight of a baby at its birth.
Sebaceous gland disorder	Sebaceous glands are microscopic exocrine glands in the skin that secrete an oily or waxy matter, called sebum, to lubricate and waterproof the skin and hair of mammals.
Gingivitis ulcerative	Gingivitis is a non-destructive disease that causes inflammation of the gums.
Left atrial dilatation	Left atrial dilatation
Scleral hyperaemia	Scleral hyperaemia
Hypomagnesaemia	Magnesium deficiency is an electrolyte disturbance in which there is a low level of magnesium in the body.
Prothrombin time normal	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Liver induration	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Stress echocardiogram	Stress echocardiogram
Vaginitis gardnerella	Vaginitis, also known as vulvovaginitis, is inflammation of the vagina and vulva.
Radiation exposure during pregnancy	Radiation exposure during pregnancy
Umbilical cord abnormality	In placental mammals, the umbilical cord (also called the navel string, birth cord or funiculus umbilicalis) is a conduit between the developing embryo or fetus and the placenta.
Hepatitis C antibody positive	Hepatitis C antibody positive
Chlamydia identification test	Chlamydia identification test
Urogram abnormal	Urogram abnormal
Lead urine increased	Lead urine increased
Prothrombin level normal	Prothrombin level normal
Visual tracking test abnormal	Visual tracking test abnormal
Ostectomy	An ostectomy is a procedure involving the removal of bone.
Streptococcal serology positive	Streptococcal serology positive
Pertussis identification test	Pertussis identification test
Streptococcal serology negative	Streptococcal serology negative
Sciatic nerve injury	The  sciatic nerve, also called the ischiadic or ischiadic nerve, is a large nerve in humans and other vertebrate animals which begins in the lower part of the sacral plexus and runs through the hip joint and down the lower limb.
Thirst decreased	Thirst is the craving for potable fluids, resulting in the basic instinct of animals to drink.
Electrocardiogram QT corrected interval prolonged	Electrocardiogram QT corrected interval prolonged
Genital pruritus female	Genital pruritus female
Prostatic specific antigen	Prostate-specific antigen (PSA), also known as gamma-seminoprotein or kallikrein-3 (KLK3), is a glycoprotein enzyme encoded in humans by the KLK3 gene.
Neural tube defect	Neural tube defects (NTDs) are a group of birth defects in which an opening in the spine or cranium remains from early in human development.
Pharyngolaryngeal discomfort	Pharyngolaryngeal discomfort
Foetal chromosome abnormality	Foetal chromosome abnormality
Fat atrophy	Fats are one of the three main macronutrients, along with carbohydrates and proteins.
Truncus arteriosus persistent	The truncus arteriosus is a structure that is present during embryonic development.
Meningitis salmonella	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Argininosuccinate synthetase deficiency	Citrullinemia is an autosomal recessive urea cycle disorder that causes ammonia and other toxic substances to accumulate in the blood.Two forms of citrullinemia have been described, both having different signs and symptoms, and are caused by mutations in different genes.
Homocystinaemia	Homocystinaemia
Mild mental retardation	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Treponema test negative	Treponema test negative
Urinary tract obstruction	Urinary tract obstruction is a urologic disease consisting of a decrease in the free passage of urine through one or both ureters and/or the urethra.
Pitting oedema	Pitting corrosion, or pitting, is a form of extremely localized corrosion that leads to the creation of small holes in the metal.
Blood cadmium normal	Blood cadmium normal
Pneumocardiogram	Pneumocardiogram
Clostridium difficile sepsis	Clostridioides difficile (syn.
Hair dye user	Hair coloring, or hair dyeing, is the practice of changing the hair color.
Zinc deficiency	Zinc deficiency  is defined either as insufficient zinc to meet the needs of the body, or as a serum zinc level below the normal range.
Wegener's granulomatosis	Granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA), formerly known as Wegener's granulomatosis (WG), is a long-term systemic disorder that involves the formation of granulomas and inflammation of blood vessels (vasculitis).
Hypereosinophilic syndrome	Hypereosinophilic syndrome  is a disease characterized by a persistently elevated eosinophil count (≥ 1500 eosinophils/mm³) in the blood for at least six months without any recognizable cause, with involvement of either the heart, nervous system, or bone marrow.HES is a diagnosis of exclusion, after clonal eosinophilia (such as FIP1L1-PDGFRA-fusion induced hypereosinophelia and leukemia) and reactive eosinophilia (in response to infection, autoimmune disease, atopy, hypoadrenalism, tropical eosinophilia, or cancer) have been ruled out.There are some associations with chronic eosinophilic leukemia as it shows similar characteristics and genetic defects.
Maternal alcohol use	Maternal alcohol use
Red blood cell sedimentation rate abnormal	Red blood cell sedimentation rate abnormal
Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal aureus test	Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal aureus test
Cataract subcapsular	A cataract is a clouding of the lens in the eye which leads to a decrease in vision.
Thyroxine free decreased	Thyroxine free decreased
Therapeutic response prolonged	Therapeutic response prolonged
Vaginal pain	Genital pain and pelvic pain can arise from a variety of conditions, crimes, trauma, medical treatments, physical diseases, mental illness and infections.
Haemoglobinaemia	Haemoglobinaemia
Rash psoriaform	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Lipids decreased	In biology and biochemistry, a lipid is a biomolecule that is soluble in nonpolar solvents.
Myocardial fibrosis	Cardiac fibrosis may refer to an abnormal thickening of the heart valves due to inappropriate proliferation of cardiac fibroblasts but more commonly refers to the excess deposition of extracellular matrix in the cardiac muscle.
Migraine without aura	Migraine without aura
Hyperchromic anaemia	Hyperchromic anaemia
Paraesthesia mucosal	Paresthesia (or paraesthesia) is an abnormal dermal sensation (e.g., a tingling, pricking, chilling, burning, or numb sensation on the skin) with no apparent physical cause.
Mitochondrial enzyme deficiency	Mitochondrial enzyme deficiency
Subdural effusion	Subdural effusion refers to an effusion in the subdural space, usually of cerebrospinal fluid.
Intestinal stenosis	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Bladder stenosis	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Gastrointestinal neoplasm	Gastrointestinal cancer refers to malignant conditions of the gastrointestinal tract (GI tract) and accessory organs of digestion, including the esophagus, stomach, biliary system, pancreas, small intestine, large intestine, rectum and anus.
Hypocholesterolaemia	Hypocholesterolaemia
Skin hypoplasia	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Colitis collagenous	Colitis is an inflammation of the colon.
Vomiting neonatal	Vomiting is the involuntary, forceful expulsion of the contents of one's stomach through the mouth and sometimes the nose.Vomiting can be caused by a wide variety of conditions; it may be present as a specific response to ailments like gastritis or poisoning, or as a non-specific sequela ranging from brain tumors and elevated intracranial pressure to overexposure to ionizing radiation.
Tooth hypoplasia	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Hyperammonaemia	Hyperammonemia is a metabolic disturbance characterised by an excess of ammonia in the blood.
Small intestinal perforation	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Respiratory alkalosis	Respiratory alkalosis is a medical condition in which increased respiration elevates the blood pH beyond the normal range (7.35–7.45) with a concurrent reduction in arterial levels of carbon dioxide.
Glucocorticoids increased	Glucocorticoids are a class of corticosteroids, which are a class of steroid hormones.
Tooth malformation	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Glucose tolerance decreased	Prediabetes is the precursor stage before diabetes mellitus in which not all of the symptoms required to diagnose diabetes are present, but blood sugar is abnormally high.
Reticuloendothelial system stimulated	The term “the reticuloendothelial system” (abbreviated RES), often associated nowadays with the mononuclear phagocyte system (MPS), was originally launched by the beginning of the 20th century to denote a system of specialised cells that effectively clear colloidal vital stains (so called because they stain living cells) from the blood circulation.
Caecectomy	Caecectomy
Platelet production decreased	Platelet production decreased
Testicular atrophy	Testicular atrophy is a medical condition in which the male reproductive organs (the testes, which in humans are located in the scrotum) diminish in size and may be accompanied by loss of function.
Neuromuscular blockade	Neuromuscular-blocking drugs block neuromuscular transmission at the neuromuscular junction, causing paralysis of the affected skeletal muscles.
Hypertriglyceridaemia	Hypertriglyceridemia denotes high (hyper-) blood levels (-emia) of triglycerides, the most abundant fatty molecule in most organisms.
Cystic fibrosis pancreatic	Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a genetic disorder that affects mostly the lungs, but also the pancreas, liver, kidneys, and intestine.
Iliac artery thrombosis	The common iliac arteries are two large arteries that originate from the aortic bifurcation at the level of the fourth lumbar vertebra.
Macrocytosis	Macrocytosis is the enlargement of red blood cells with near-constant hemoglobin concentration, and is defined by a mean corpuscular volume (MCV) of greater than 100 femtolitres (the precise criterion varies between laboratories).
Injury asphyxiation	Injury, also known as physical trauma, is damage to the body caused by external force.
Capillary fragility test	Capillary fragility test
Hepatitis C RNA	Hepatitis C is an infectious disease caused by the hepatitis C virus (HCV) that primarily affects the liver.
Vulvitis	Vulvitis is inflammation of the vulva, the external female mammalian genitalia that include the labia majora, labia minora, clitoris, and introitus (the entrance to the vagina).
Human herpes virus 6 serology positive	Human herpes virus 6 serology positive
Polycythaemia	Polycythemia (also known as polycythaemia or polyglobulia) is a disease state in which the hematocrit (the volume percentage of red blood cells in the blood) is elevated.
Enterovirus serology test positive	Enterovirus serology test positive
Medium-chain acetyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency	Medium-chain acetyl-coenzyme A dehydrogenase deficiency
Lumbar vertebral fracture	Lumbar vertebral fracture
Renal haemorrhage	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Pulmonary haemosiderosis	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Blood galactose	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Thalamic infarction	"The thalamus (from Greek θάλαμος, ""chamber"") is a large mass of gray matter in the dorsal part of the diencephalon of the brain with several functions such as relaying of sensory signals, including motor signals to the cerebral cortex, and the regulation of consciousness, sleep, and alertness.It is a midline symmetrical structure of two halves, within the vertebrate brain,  situated between the cerebral cortex and the midbrain."
Pupillary light reflex tests abnormal	Pupillary light reflex tests abnormal
Scan thyroid gland	Scan thyroid gland
Blood stem cell transplant failure	Blood stem cell transplant failure
Pleural fibrosis	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Anastomotic complication	An anastomosis (plural anastomoses) is a connection or opening between two things (especially cavities or passages) that are normally diverging or branching, such as between blood vessels, leaf veins, or streams.
Alpha 1 microglobulin urine increased	Alpha 1 microglobulin urine increased
Lymphatic system neoplasm	"The lymphatic system is part of the vascular system and an important part of the immune system, composed of a large network of lymphatic vessels that carry a clear fluid called lymph (from Latin, lympha meaning ""water"") directionally towards the heart."
Venogram abnormal	Venography (also called phlebography or ascending phlebography) is a procedure in which an x-ray of the veins, a venogram, is taken after a special dye is injected into the bone marrow or veins.
Blood amino acid level increased	Blood amino acid level increased
Endoscopy small intestine	Endoscopy small intestine
Perforated ulcer	A perforated ulcer  is a condition in which an untreated ulcer can burn through the wall of the stomach (or other areas of the gastrointestinal tract), allowing digestive juices and food to leak into the abdominal cavity.
Haemodynamic test abnormal	Haemodynamic test abnormal
Megacolon	Megacolon is an abnormal dilation of the colon (also called the large intestine).
Hyperproteinaemia	Hyperproteinaemia
Body height normal	Human height or stature is the distance from the bottom of the feet to the top of the head in a human body, standing erect.
Vitrectomy	Vitrectomy is surgery to remove some or all of the vitreous humor from the eye.
Open angle glaucoma	Glaucoma is a group of eye diseases which result in damage to the optic nerve and cause vision loss.
Urine colour abnormal	Urine colour abnormal
Gardnerella infection	Gardnerella is a genus of Gram-variable-staining facultative anaerobic bacteria of which Gardnerella vaginalis is the only species.
Homicidal ideation	Homicidal ideation is a common medical term for thoughts about homicide.
Detrusor sphincter dyssynergia	Bladder sphincter dyssynergia (also known as detrusor sphincter dysynergia (DSD) (the ICS standard terminology agreed 1998)  and neurogenic detrusor overactivity (NDO)) is a consequence of a neurological pathology such as spinal injury  or multiple sclerosis.
Psychiatric decompensation	Psychiatry is the medical specialty devoted to the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of mental disorders.
Pleural decortication	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Abdominal wall haematoma	In anatomy, the abdominal wall represents the boundaries of the abdominal cavity.
Positive Rombergism	Positive Rombergism
Atrophy of globe	Atrophy of globe
Tonsillar neoplasm	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Pertussis identification test negative	Pertussis identification test negative
Fungus identification test	Fungus identification test
Red blood cell count abnormal	Red blood cell count abnormal
Gonadotrophin releasing hormone stimulation test	Gonadotrophin releasing hormone stimulation test
Hodgkin's disease stage II	Hodgkin's disease stage II
CSF granulocyte count abnormal	CSF granulocyte count abnormal
Loss of proprioception	Loss of proprioception
Glasgow coma scale	The Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) is a neurological scale which aims to give a reliable and objective way of recording the state of a person's consciousness for initial as well as subsequent assessment.
Gastroenteritis proteus	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Lung cyst	A focal lung pneumatosis, is a pocket of air (pneumatosis) in the parenchyma of the lungs, larger than the alveoli.
Cervix inflammation	The cervix or cervix uteri (Latin, 'neck of the uterus') is the lower part of the uterus in the human female reproductive system.
CSF polymorphonuclear cell count decreased	CSF polymorphonuclear cell count decreased
Ceruloplasmin normal	Ceruloplasmin (or caeruloplasmin) is a ferroxidase enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CP gene.Ceruloplasmin is the major copper-carrying protein in the blood, and in addition plays a role in iron metabolism.
Missed labour	"Miss (pronounced ) is an English language honorific traditionally used only for an unmarried woman (not using another title such as ""Doctor"" or ""Dame"")."
Placental insufficiency	Placental insufficiency or utero-placental insufficiency is the failure of the placenta to deliver sufficient nutrients to the fetus during pregnancy, and is often a result of insufficient blood flow to the placenta.
Disbacteriosis	Disbacteriosis
Mean cell haemoglobin decreased	The mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) is a measure of the concentration of haemoglobin in a given volume of packed red blood cell.
Electromechanical dissociation	Pulseless electrical activity (PEA) refers to cardiac arrest in which the electrocardiogram shows a heart rhythm that should produce a pulse, but does not.
Pregnancy with injectable contraceptive	Pregnancy with injectable contraceptive
Glutamate dehydrogenase increased	Glutamate dehydrogenase (GLDH, GDH) is an enzyme, present in most microbes and the mitochondria of eukaryotes, as are some of the other enzymes required for urea synthesis, that converts glutamate to α-ketoglutarate, and vice versa.
Protein total decreased	Protein total decreased
Neutrophil morphology abnormal	Neutrophil morphology abnormal
Autophony	Autophony is the unusually loud hearing of a person's own voice.
Dyspnoea paroxysmal nocturnal	Dyspnoea paroxysmal nocturnal
Haemorrhagic disease of newborn	Haemorrhagic disease of newborn
Childhood psychosis	Childhood is the age span ranging from birth to adolescence.
Laparoscopy normal	Laparoscopy (from Ancient Greek  λαπάρα (lapara), meaning 'flank, side', and  σκοπέω (skopeo), meaning 'to see') invented by George Kelling in 1901, in Germany, is an operation performed in the abdomen or pelvis using small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) with the aid of a camera.
Heat illness	Heat illness is a spectrum of disorders due to environmental exposure to heat.
Poliomyelitis post vaccine	Poliomyelitis post vaccine
Thoracic vertebral fracture	Thoracic vertebral fracture
Postoperative wound infection	Postoperative wound infection
Vasculitis gastrointestinal	Vasculitis is a group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation.
Creatinine urine decreased	Creatinine urine decreased
Saline infusion sonogram	Saline infusion sonogram
Vitamin C deficiency	Scurvy is a disease resulting from a lack of vitamin C (ascorbic acid).
Haptoglobin decreased	Haptoglobin (abbreviated as Hp) is the protein that in humans is encoded by the HP gene.
Neutrophil toxic granulation present	Neutrophil toxic granulation present
Pulmonary malformation	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Transverse presentation	Transverse presentation
Gastroenteritis astroviral	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Central venous catheter removal	A central venous catheter (CVC), also known as a  central line, central venous line, or central venous access catheter, is a catheter placed into a large vein.
Echovirus test negative	Echovirus test negative
Wound infection bacterial	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Colour vision tests	Color vision is an ability of animals to perceive differences between light composed of different wavelengths (i.e., different spectral power distributions) independently of light intensity.
Sedative therapy	A sedative or tranquilliser is a substance that induces sedation by reducing irritability or excitement.
Arthroscopy normal	Arthroscopy (also called arthroscopic or keyhole surgery) is a minimally invasive surgical procedure on a joint in which an examination and sometimes treatment of damage is performed using an arthroscope, an endoscope that is inserted into the joint through a small incision.
Femoral nerve injury	The femoral nerve is a nerve in the thigh that supplies skin on the upper thigh and inner leg, and the muscles that extend the knee.
Endoscopic ultrasound abnormal	Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) or echo-endoscopy is a medical procedure in which endoscopy (insertion of a probe into a hollow organ) is combined with ultrasound to obtain images of the internal organs in the chest, abdomen and colon.
Dactylitis	Dactylitis or sausage digit is inflammation of an entire digit (a finger or toe), and can be painful.
Apolipoprotein A-I normal	Apolipoprotein A1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APOA1 gene.
Eye luxation	Exophthalmos (also called exophthalmus, exophthalmia, proptosis, or exorbitism) is a bulging of the eye anteriorly out of the orbit.
Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy	Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) is a rare and often fatal viral disease characterized by progressive damage (-pathy) or inflammation of the white matter (leuko-) of the brain (-encephalo-) at multiple locations (multifocal).
Rheumatoid vasculitis	Rheumatoid vasculitis is skin condition that is a typical feature of rheumatoid arthritis, presenting as peripheral vascular lesions that are localized purpura, cutaneous ulceration, and gangrene of the distal parts of the extremities.
Blood pyruvic acid increased	Blood pyruvic acid increased
Yersinia test negative	Yersinia test negative
Cholecystitis chronic	Cholecystitis is inflammation of the gallbladder.
Wound decomposition	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Normochromic normocytic anaemia	Normochromic normocytic anaemia
Vitamin B6	Vitamin B6 refers to a group of chemically similar compounds which can be interconverted in biological systems.
Ultrasound chest	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Faecal calprotectin	Faecal calprotectin (or fecal calprotectin) is a biochemical measurement of the protein calprotectin in the stool.
Scoliosis	Scoliosis is a medical condition in which a person's spine has a sideways curve.
Apolipoprotein B	Apolipoprotein B (ApoB) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the APOB gene.
Gliosis	Gliosis is a nonspecific reactive change of glial cells in response to damage to the central nervous system (CNS).
CSF neutrophil count	CSF neutrophil count
Ultrasound thyroid abnormal	Ultrasound thyroid abnormal
Rhinovirus infection	"The rhinovirus (from the Greek ῥίς rhis  ""nose"", gen ῥινός rhinos ""of the nose"", and the Latin vīrus) is the most common viral infectious agent in humans and is the predominant cause of the common cold."
Hepatic neoplasm malignant non-resectable	Hepatic neoplasm malignant non-resectable
Hyperlactacidaemia	Hyperlactacidaemia
Blood pressure orthostatic abnormal	Blood pressure orthostatic abnormal
Tracheal inflammation	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Karyotype analysis	Karyotyping is the process by which cytogeneticists take photographs of chromosomes in order to determine the chromosome complement of an individual, including the number of chromosomes and any abnormalies.
Genital infection bacterial	Genital infection bacterial
Mastoid abscess	The mastoid part of the temporal bone is the back part of the temporal bone.
Hemiplegic migraine	Hemiplegic migraine
Purpura non-thrombocytopenic	Purpura () is a condition of  red or purple discolored spots on the skin that do not blanch on applying pressure.
Nasal septal operation	Nasal septal operation
Poliovirus test	Poliovirus, the causative agent of polio (also known as poliomyelitis), is a member virus of Enterovirus C, in the family of Picornaviridae.Poliovirus is composed of an RNA genome and a protein capsid.
Skull fractured base	Skull fractured base
White blood cell morphology normal	White blood cell morphology normal
Paratyphoid fever	Paratyphoid fever, also known simply as paratyphoid, is a bacterial infection caused by one of the three types of Salmonella enterica.
Anti-complement antibody	Anti-complement antibody
Foetal exposure timing unspecified	Foetal exposure timing unspecified
Hodgkin's disease nodular sclerosis	Hodgkin's disease nodular sclerosis
Vaccination site pallor	Vaccination site pallor
Coagulation time abnormal	Coagulation time abnormal
Up and down phenomenon	Up and down phenomenon
Mental disability	Developmental disability is a diverse group of chronic conditions that are due to mental or physical impairments that arise before adulthood.
Lipoprotein (a) increased	Lipoprotein(a) (also called Lp(a) or LPA) is a special kind of Low density lipoprotein, containing a protein called apolipoprotein(a) (also known as apo(a), not to be confused with apoA).
Moderate mental retardation	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Cervical plexus lesion	The cervical plexus is a plexus of the anterior rami of the first four cervical spinal nerves which arise from C1 to C4 cervical segment in the neck.
Biopsy pleura normal	Biopsy pleura normal
Carnitine normal	Carnitine (β-hydroxy-γ-N-trimethylaminobutyric acid, 3-hydroxy-4-N,N,N-trimethylaminobutyrate) is a quaternary ammonium compound involved in metabolism in most mammals, plants, and some bacteria.
Thermometry	Temperature measurement, also known as thermometry, describes the process of measuring a current local temperature for immediate or later evaluation.
Plantar erythema	Standard anatomical terms of location deal unambiguously with the anatomy of animals, including humans.
Gastroenteritis clostridial	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Surgical vascular shunt	Surgical vascular shunt
Haptoglobin increased	Haptoglobin (abbreviated as Hp) is the protein that in humans is encoded by the HP gene.
Kidney contusion	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Mean cell haemoglobin concentration normal	Mean cell haemoglobin concentration normal
Matrix metalloproteinase-3 increased	Matrix metalloproteinase-3 increased
Blood cholesterol esterase increased	Blood cholesterol esterase increased
Pharyngeal haematoma	Pharyngeal haematoma
Cardiac ventriculogram left abnormal	Cardiac ventriculogram left abnormal
Placental necrosis	Placentalia is one of the three extant subdivisions of the class of animals Mammalia; the other two are Monotremata and Marsupialia.
Enteritis necroticans	"Clostridial necrotizing enteritis (CNE), is a potentially fatal type of food poisoning caused by a β-toxin of Clostridium perfringens, Type C.  It occurs in some developing countries, but was also documented in Germany following World War II, where it was called ""Darmbrand"" (meaning bowel necrosis)."
Karyotype analysis normal	Karyotyping is the process by which cytogeneticists take photographs of chromosomes in order to determine the chromosome complement of an individual, including the number of chromosomes and any abnormalies.
Mood disorder due to a general medical condition	Mood disorder due to a general medical condition
Matrix metalloproteinase-3	Matrix metalloproteinase-3
Atrial septal defect repair	Atrial septal defect (ASD) is a congenital heart defect in which blood flows between the atria (upper chambers) of the heart.
Visceral pain	Visceral pain is pain that results from the activation of nociceptors of the thoracic, pelvic, or abdominal viscera (organs).
Barotrauma	Barotrauma is physical damage to body tissues caused by a difference in pressure between a gas space inside, or in contact with, the body, and the surrounding gas or fluid.
Selective IgA immunodeficiency	Selective immunoglobulin A (IgA) deficiency (SIgAD) is a genetic immunodeficiency, a type of hypogammaglobulinemia.
Hairy cell leukaemia	Hairy cell leukemia is an uncommon hematological malignancy characterized by an accumulation of abnormal B lymphocytes.
Spontaneous haematoma	Spontaneous haematoma
Cor pulmonale acute	Pulmonary heart disease, also known as cor pulmonale, is the enlargement and failure of the right ventricle of the heart as a response to increased vascular resistance (such as from pulmonic stenosis) or high blood pressure in the lungs.Chronic pulmonary heart disease usually results in right ventricular hypertrophy (RVH), whereas acute pulmonary heart disease usually results in dilatation.
Protein C	Protein C, also known as autoprothrombin IIA and blood coagulation factor XIV, is a zymogen, the activated form of which plays an important role in regulating anticoagulation, inflammation, cell death, and maintaining the permeability of blood vessel walls in humans and other animals.
Blood selenium normal	Blood selenium normal
Pubis fracture	In vertebrates, the pubic bone is the ventral and anterior of the three principal bones composing either half of the pelvis.
Amoeba test	An amoeba (; rarely spelled amœba; plural am(o)ebas or am(o)ebae ), often called amoeboid, is a type of cell or unicellular organism which has the ability to alter its shape, primarily by extending and retracting pseudopods.
Multiple lentigines syndrome	Noonan syndrome with multiple lentigines (NSML) which is part of a group called Ras/MAPK pathway syndromes, is a rare autosomal dominant, multisystem disease caused by a mutation in the protein tyrosine phosphatase, non-receptor type 11 gene (PTPN11).
Peritoneal fluid analysis abnormal	Peritoneal fluid analysis abnormal
Perineal injury	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Cortisol free urine increased	Cortisol free urine increased
Leukoplakia	Leukoplakia is a firmly attached white patch on a mucous membrane which is associated with an increased risk of cancer.
Osteotomy	An osteotomy is a surgical operation whereby a bone is cut to shorten or lengthen it or to change its alignment.
Visual evoked potentials	An evoked potential  or evoked response is an electrical potential in a specific pattern recorded from a specific part of the nervous system, especially the brain, of a human or other animals following presentation of a stimulus such as a light flash or a pure tone.
Orchitis noninfective	Orchitis is inflammation of the testes.
Bone fragmentation	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Candiduria	Candiduria
Creatinine urine normal	Creatinine urine normal
Mean cell volume normal	The mean corpuscular volume, or mean cell volume (MCV), is a measure of the average volume of a red blood corpuscle (or red blood cell).
Vaccination site anaesthesia	Vaccination site anaesthesia
Tracheal obstruction	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Circulating anticoagulant	Circulating anticoagulant
Psychotic symptom	Psychosis is an abnormal condition of the mind that results in difficulties determining what is real and what is not.
Poverty of speech	In psychology, alogia (Greek ἀ-, “without”, and λόγος, “speech”), or poverty of speech, is a general lack of additional, unprompted content seen in normal speech.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging thoracic normal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging thoracic normal
Hypopituitarism	Hypopituitarism is the decreased (hypo) secretion of one or more of the eight hormones normally produced by the pituitary gland at the base of the brain.
Haemorrhagic erosive gastritis	Haemorrhagic erosive gastritis
Cooling therapy	Cooling is removal of heat, usually resulting in a lower temperature and/or phase change.
Echinococciasis	Echinococciasis
PO2 abnormal	Petty officer, 2nd class, AKA PO2, is a Naval non-commissioned member rank of the Canadian Forces.
Post lumbar puncture syndrome	Post lumbar puncture syndrome
Borderline personality disorder	Borderline personality disorder (BPD), also known as emotionally unstable personality disorder (EUPD), is a mental illness characterized by a long-term pattern of unstable relationships, a distorted sense of self, and strong emotional reactions.
Idiopathic partial epilepsy	Idiopathic partial epilepsy
Gastrointestinal examination	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Thyroxine free normal	Thyroxine free normal
Transplantation complication	Transplantation complication
Jaundice hepatocellular	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Glare	Glare
CSF mononuclear cell count decreased	CSF mononuclear cell count decreased
Coagulation factor IX level normal	Coagulation factor IX level normal
Slit-lamp tests abnormal	Slit-lamp tests abnormal
Chronic tonsillitis	Tonsillitis is inflammation of the tonsils, typically of rapid onset.
Graft versus host disease in gastrointestinal tract	Graft versus host disease in gastrointestinal tract
Spinal cord infarction	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Graft complication	Graft complication
Vocal cord dysfunction	Vocal cord dysfunction (VCD), is a pathology affecting the vocal folds (commonly referred to as the vocal cords) characterized by full or partial vocal fold closure causing difficulty and distress during respiration, especially during inhalation.Due to the similarity in symptoms, VCD attack are often mistaken for asthma attacks or laryngospasms.
CSF cell count decreased	CSF cell count decreased
Tri-iodothyronine free abnormal	Tri-iodothyronine free abnormal
Mesenteric vein thrombosis	The superior mesenteric vein is a blood vessel that drains blood from the small intestine (jejunum and ileum).
Parasite blood test positive	Parasite blood test positive
Intestinal congestion	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Disuse syndrome	Disuse syndrome
Sick building syndrome	Sick building syndrome (SBS) is a medical condition where people in a building suffer from symptoms of illness or feel unwell for no apparent reason.
Inflammatory marker decreased	Inflammatory marker decreased
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia	Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) is the development of thrombocytopenia (a low platelet count), due to the administration of various forms of heparin, an anticoagulant.
Telangiectasia congenital	Telangiectasias, also known as spider veins, are small dilated blood vessels that can occur near the surface of the skin or mucous membranes, measuring between 0.5 and 1 millimeter in diameter.
Single umbilical artery	Occasionally, there is only the one single umbilical artery (SUA) present in the umbilical cord.
Troponin T normal	Troponin T is a part of the troponin complex, which are proteins integral to the contraction of skeletal and heart muscles.
Vaccination site dysaesthesia	Vaccination site dysaesthesia
Recall phenomenon	Recall phenomenon
Shunt occlusion	In medicine, a shunt is a hole or a small passage which moves, or allows movement of, fluid from one part of the body to another.
Lymphangiopathy	Lymphangiopathy
Schizoaffective disorder	Schizoaffective disorder (SZA, SZD or SAD) is a mental disorder characterized by abnormal thought processes and an unstable mood.
Acrophobia	Acrophobia is an extreme or irrational fear or phobia of heights, especially when one is not particularly high up.
IL-2 receptor assay	The interleukin-2 receptor (IL-2R) is a heterotrimeric protein expressed on the surface of certain immune cells, such as lymphocytes, that binds and responds to a cytokine called IL-2.
Skin lesion excision	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Blood bilirubin unconjugated normal	Blood bilirubin unconjugated normal
Mite allergy	Mites are small arthropods belonging to the class Arachnida and the subclass Acari.
Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome	Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS)  is a condition seen in some cases of AIDS or immunosuppression, in which the immune system begins to recover, but then responds to a previously acquired opportunistic infection with an overwhelming inflammatory response that paradoxically makes the symptoms of infection worse.
Carbohydrate antigen 125 normal	Carbohydrate antigen 125 normal
Proctitis haemorrhagic	Proctitis is an inflammation of the anus and the lining of the rectum, affecting only the last 6 inches of the rectum.
Lung hyperinflation	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Incarcerated umbilical hernia	Incarcerated umbilical hernia
Epiglottitis haemophilus	Epiglottitis is inflammation of the epiglottis—the flap at the base of the tongue that keeps food from going into the trachea (windpipe).
Exercise electrocardiogram normal	Exercise electrocardiogram normal
Fibrinolysis	Fibrinolysis is a process that prevents blood clots from growing and becoming problematic.
Granular cell tumour	Granular cell tumor is a tumor that can develop on any skin or mucosal surface, but occurs on the tongue 40% of the time.
Suspected counterfeit product	Suspected counterfeit product
Nodular fasciitis	Nodular fasciitis,  is a benign soft tissue lesion most commonly found in the superficial fascia.
Mycobacterium test	Mycobacterium is a genus of Actinobacteria, given its own family, the Mycobacteriaceae.
Staphylococcus test	Staphylococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae in the order Bacillales.
Candida test negative	Candida test negative
Biopsy anus normal	Biopsy anus normal
Cardiovascular somatic symptom disorder	Cardiovascular somatic symptom disorder
Porphyrins urine increased	Porphyrins urine increased
Axial spondyloarthritis	Axial spondyloarthritis (also often referred to as axSpA) is a chronic, autoinflammatory disease predominantly affecting the axial skeleton (sacroiliac joints and spine).
Oromandibular dystonia	Oromandibular dystonia is a form of focal dystonia affecting the mouth, jaw and tongue, and in this disease it is hard to speak.
Troponin T increased	Troponin T is a part of the troponin complex, which are proteins integral to the contraction of skeletal and heart muscles.
Encephalitis enteroviral	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Application site pallor	Application site pallor
Typhus rickettsia test positive	Typhus rickettsia test positive
Monocyte count	Monocytes are a type of leukocyte, or white blood cell.
Corneal perforation	Corneal perforation is an anomaly in the cornea resulting from damage to the corneal surface.
Gastrointestinal stoma output increased	Gastrointestinal stoma output increased
Somatosensory evoked potentials abnormal	An evoked potential  or evoked response is an electrical potential in a specific pattern recorded from a specific part of the nervous system, especially the brain, of a human or other animals following presentation of a stimulus such as a light flash or a pure tone.
Speech sound disorder	A speech sound disorder (SSD) is a speech disorder in which some speech sounds (called phonemes) in a child's (or, sometimes, an adult's) language are either not produced, not produced correctly, or are not used correctly.
Respiratory fatigue	The respiratory system (also respiratory apparatus, ventilatory system) is a biological system consisting of specific organs and structures used for gas exchange in animals and plants.
Cognitive linguistic deficit	Cognitive linguistic deficit
CSF white blood cell differential	CSF white blood cell differential
Perinatal depression	Prenatal development (from Latin  natalis, meaning 'relating to birth') includes the development of the embryo and of the fetus during a viviparous animal's gestation.
Mononuclear cell percentage	Agranulocytes or nongranulocytes, also mononuclear leukocytes, are one of the two types of white blood cells, also known as leukocytes.
Staphylococcal osteomyelitis	Staphylococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria in the family Staphylococcaceae in the order Bacillales.
Hilar lymphadenopathy	Lymphadenopathy or adenopathy is disease of the lymph nodes, in which they are abnormal in size or consistency.
Visual pathway disorder	The visual system is the part of the central nervous system which gives organisms the ability to process visual detail as sight, as well as enabling the formation of several non-image photo response functions.
Lack of injection site rotation	Lack of injection site rotation
Pulmonary hypoplasia	Pulmonary hypoplasia is incomplete development of the lungs, resulting in an abnormally low number or size of bronchopulmonary segments or alveoli.
Blood group B	A blood type (also called a blood group) is a classification of blood, based on the presence and absence of antibodies and inherited antigenic substances on the surface of red blood cells (RBCs).
Blood selenium decreased	Blood selenium decreased
Intentional product use issue	Intentional product use issue
Intraductal proliferative breast lesion	Intraductal proliferative breast lesion
Hair growth rate abnormal	The growth of human hair occurs everywhere on the body except for the soles of the feet, the lips, palms of the hands, some external genital areas, the navel, scar tissue, and, apart from eyelashes, the eyelids.
Rhesus antigen positive	The Rh blood group system is one of forty-five known human blood group systems.
Plicated tongue	Fissured tongue  is a benign condition characterized by deep grooves (fissures) in the dorsum of the tongue.
Gastroenteritis sapovirus	Gastroenteritis, also known as infectious diarrhea, is inflammation of the gastrointestinal tract—the stomach and small intestine.
Foreign body in gastrointestinal tract	Foreign body in gastrointestinal tract
Feeding intolerance	Eating (also known as consuming) is the ingestion of food, typically to provide a heterotrophic organism with  energy and to allow for growth.
Beta-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminidase	Beta-N-acetyl-D-glucosaminidase
Gait apraxia	Bruns apraxia, or frontal ataxia is a gait apraxia found in patients with bilateral frontal lobe disorders.
Glomerular filtration rate normal	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Meningitis mumps	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Blood chromium decreased	Blood chromium decreased
Hyperglycinaemia	Hyperglycinaemia
Post transfusion purpura	Post transfusion purpura
Right ventricular ejection fraction decreased	Right ventricular ejection fraction decreased
Cytopenia	Cytopenia is a reduction in the number of mature blood cells.
Interleukin-2 receptor increased	The interleukin-2 receptor (IL-2R) is a heterotrimeric protein expressed on the surface of certain immune cells, such as lymphocytes, that binds and responds to a cytokine called IL-2.
Prescription drug used without a prescription	Prescription drug used without a prescription
pH body fluid	pH body fluid
Pain management	Pain management, pain medicine, pain control or algiatry, is a branch of medicine employing an interdisciplinary approach for easing the suffering and improving the quality of life of those living with chronic pain The typical pain management team includes medical practitioners, pharmacists, clinical psychologists, physiotherapists, occupational therapists, physician assistants, nurses.
Diverticulum intestinal haemorrhagic	Diverticulum intestinal haemorrhagic
Hand amputation	A hand is a prehensile, multi-fingered appendage located at the end of the forearm or forelimb of primates such as humans, chimpanzees, monkeys, and lemurs.
Pica	Pica
Hepatitis D virus test	Hepatitis D (hepatitis delta) is a disease caused by the hepatitis D virus (HDV), a small spherical enveloped virusoid.
Trisomy 18	Edwards syndrome, also known as trisomy 18, is a genetic disorder  caused by a third copy of all or part of chromosome 18.
Enterobiasis	Pinworm infection, also known as enterobiasis, is a human parasitic disease caused by the pinworm.
Bone decalcification	Bone decalcification is the softening of bones due to the removal of calcium ions, and can be performed as a histological technique to study bones and extract DNA.
Median nerve injury	The median nerve is a nerve in humans and other animals in the upper limb.
Vitritis	Vitritis
Splenitis	Splenomegaly is an enlargement of the spleen.
Procedural vomiting	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Diabetic ketosis	Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a potentially life-threatening complication of diabetes mellitus.
Mean cell haemoglobin concentration increased	Mean cell haemoglobin concentration increased
Selective polysaccharide antibody deficiency	Selective polysaccharide antibody deficiency
Meige's syndrome	Meige's syndrome is a type of dystonia.
Kernig's sign	Kernig's sign (after Waldemar Kernig (1840–1917), a Russian neurologist) is positive when the thigh is flexed at the hip and knee at 90 degree angles, and subsequent extension in the knee is painful (leading to resistance).
Convalescent	Convalescence is the gradual recovery of health and strength after illness or injury.
Sleep deficit	Sleep debt or sleep deficit is the cumulative effect of not getting enough sleep.
Vaginal neoplasm	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Cystoid macular oedema	Macular edema occurs when fluid and protein deposits collect on or under the macula of the eye (a yellow central area of the retina) and causes it to thicken and swell (edema).
Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia	Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia is a rare, benign tumor.
Myocardial reperfusion injury	Reperfusion injury, sometimes called ischemia-reperfusion injury (IRI) or reoxygenation injury, is the tissue damage caused when blood supply returns to tissue (re- + perfusion) after a period of ischemia or lack of oxygen (anoxia or hypoxia).
Suspiciousness	Suspiciousness
Medical device site joint infection	Medical device site joint infection
Upper respiratory tract infection bacterial	An upper respiratory tract infection (URTI) is an illness caused by an acute infection, which involves the upper respiratory tract, including the nose, sinuses, pharynx, or larynx.
Myocardial necrosis marker normal	Myocardial necrosis marker normal
Reactive gastropathy	Reactive gastropathy, also chemical gastropathy, is an abnormality in the stomach caused by chemicals, e.g.
Periventricular leukomalacia	Periventricular leukomalacia (PVL) is a form of white-matter brain injury, characterized by the necrosis (more often coagulation) of white matter near the lateral ventricles.
Herpes simplex meningitis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Immunophenotyping	Immunophenotyping is a technique used to study the protein expressed by cells.
Splenic injury	A splenic injury, which includes a ruptured spleen, is any injury to the spleen.
Velopharyngeal incompetence	Velopharyngeal inadequacy is a malfunction of a velopharyngeal mechanism which is responsible for directing the transmission of sound energy and air pressure in both the oral cavity and the nasal cavity.
Blood zinc normal	Blood zinc normal
Needle fatigue	Needle fatigue
Meningococcal carditis	Neisseria meningitidis, often referred to as meningococcus, is a Gram-negative bacterium that can cause meningitis and other forms of meningococcal disease such as meningococcemia, a life-threatening sepsis.
Immunisation anxiety related reaction	Immunisation anxiety related reaction
HLA-B*27 positive	HLA-B*27 positive
Diastolic dysfunction	Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) is a form of heart failure in which the ejection fraction - the percentage of the volume of blood ejected from the left ventricle with each heartbeat divided by the volume of blood when the left ventricle is maximally filled - is normal, defined as greater than 50%; this may be measured by echocardiography or cardiac catheterization.
Fibrinous bronchitis	Fibrin (also called Factor Ia) is a fibrous, non-globular protein involved in the clotting of blood.
Coagulation factor VIII level	Factor VIII (FVIII) is an essential blood-clotting protein, also known as anti-hemophilic factor (AHF).
Tocolysis	"Tocolytics (also called anti-contraction medications or labor suppressants) are medications used to suppress premature labor (from Greek τόκος tókos, ""childbirth"", and λύσις lúsis, ""loosening"")."
Cervix cancer metastatic	Cervical cancer is a cancer arising from the cervix.
Needle track marks	Needle track marks
Iron metabolism disorder	Iron metabolism disorders may involve a number of genes including HFE and TFR2.Hepcidin is the master regulator of iron metabolism and, therefore, most genetic forms of iron overload can be thought of as relative hepcidin deficiency in one way or another[1].
Insulin C-peptide	Insulin (from Latin insula, island) is a peptide hormone produced by beta cells of the pancreatic islets; it is considered to be the main anabolic hormone of the body.
Computerised tomogram pelvis abnormal	Computerised tomogram pelvis abnormal
Tracheal disorder	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Coagulation factor VII level increased	Coagulation factor VII level increased
Neuromyotonia	Neuromyotonia (NMT) is a form of peripheral nerve hyperexcitability that causes spontaneous muscular activity resulting from repetitive motor unit action potentials of peripheral origin.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging heart	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Sickle cell disease	Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of blood disorders typically inherited from a person's parents.
Product dispensing error	Product dispensing error
Haemoglobin electrophoresis normal	Hemoglobin electrophoresis is a blood test that can detect different types of hemoglobin.
Granulomatous lymphadenitis	A granuloma is a structure formed during inflammation that is found in many diseases.
Micropenis	Micropenis is an unusually small penis.
Vitamin D deficiency	Vitamin D deficiency, or hypovitaminosis D, most commonly results from inadequate sunlight exposure (in particular sunlight with adequate ultraviolet B rays).
Anti factor VIII antibody test	Anti factor VIII antibody test
Obsessive-compulsive symptom	"Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a mental disorder in which a person feels the need to perform certain routines repeatedly (called ""compulsions""), or has certain thoughts repeatedly (called ""obsessions"")."
Tryptase increased	Tryptase (EC 3.4.21.59, ) is the most abundant secretory granule-derived serine proteinase contained in mast cells and has been used as a marker for mast cell activation.
Foetal therapeutic procedure	Foetal therapeutic procedure
Vital signs measurement	Vital signs (also known as vitals) are a group of the four to six most important signs that indicate the status of the body’s vital (life-sustaining) functions.
Vth nerve injury	Vth nerve injury
Cerebral circulatory failure	Cerebral circulatory failure
Ocular vascular disorder	Ocular vascular disorder
Biopsy rectum normal	Biopsy rectum normal
Oral infection	Mouth infections, also known as oral infections, are a group of infections that occur around the oral cavity.
Vitamin B12 decreased	Vitamin B12, also known as cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body: it is a cofactor in DNA synthesis, and in both fatty acid and amino acid metabolism.
Exposure keratitis	Exposure keratitis
Large intestinal ulcer haemorrhage	Large intestinal ulcer haemorrhage
Herpes zoster meningomyelitis	Shingles, also known as zoster or herpes zoster, is a viral disease characterized by a painful skin rash with blisters in a localized area.
Post concussion syndrome	Post-concussion syndrome (PCS) is a set of symptoms that may continue for weeks, months, or a year or more after a concussion – a mild form of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
Vitamin B12	Vitamin B12, also known as cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body: it is a cofactor in DNA synthesis, and in both fatty acid and amino acid metabolism.
Blood corticotrophin abnormal	Blood corticotrophin abnormal
Scleroedema	Scleroedema
Sweating fever	Sweating sickness, also known as English sweating sickness or English sweat or (Latin) sudor anglicus, was a mysterious and contagious disease that struck England and later continental Europe in a series of epidemics beginning in 1485.
Pulmonary physical examination	Pulmonary physical examination
Mandibular mass	The mandible, lower jaw or jawbone is the largest, strongest and lowest bone in the human face.
Lung neoplasm surgery	Lung cancer, also known as lung carcinoma, is a malignant lung tumor characterized by uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung.
Ultrasound pelvis normal	Ultrasound pelvis normal
Stress echocardiogram abnormal	Stress echocardiogram abnormal
Arteriogram	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Nail discomfort	Nail discomfort
Lysinuric protein intolerance	Lysinuric protein intolerance (LPI) is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder affecting amino acid transport.
Nasal crusting	Nasal crusting
Skin weeping	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
FEV1/FVC ratio	The FEV1/FVC ratio, also called Tiffeneau-Pinelli index, is a calculated ratio used in the diagnosis of obstructive and restrictive lung disease.
Reflux laryngitis	Reflux is a technique involving the condensation of vapors and the return of this condensate to the system from which it originated.
Insurance issue	Insurance is a means of protection from financial loss.
Porokeratosis	Porokeratosis is a specific disorder of keratinization that is characterized histologically by the presence of a cornoid lamella, a thin column of closely stacked, parakeratotic cells extending through the stratum corneum with a thin or absent granular layer.
Intraocular pressure test abnormal	Intraocular pressure test abnormal
Orthopnoea	Orthopnea or orthopnoea is shortness of breath (dyspnea) that occurs when lying flat, causing the person to have to sleep propped up in bed or sitting in a chair.
Parasitic blood test negative	Parasitic blood test negative
Reticulocyte count normal	Reticulocytes are immature red blood cells (RBCs).
Opticokinetic nystagmus tests abnormal	Opticokinetic nystagmus tests abnormal
Dependence on oxygen therapy	Dependence on oxygen therapy
Lateral medullary syndrome	Lateral medullary syndrome is a neurological disorder causing a range of symptoms due to ischemia in the lateral part of the medulla oblongata in the brainstem.
X-ray dental normal	X-ray dental normal
Eustachian tube operation	The Eustachian tube, also known as the auditory tube or pharyngotympanic tube, is a tube that links the nasopharynx to the middle ear.
Nerve degeneration	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome	Reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome (RCVS, sometimes called Call-Fleming syndrome) is a disease characterized by a weeks-long course of thunderclap headaches, sometimes focal neurologic signs, and occasionally seizures.
Vein discolouration	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Leukaemia in remission	Leukaemia in remission
Vitamin D	Vitamin D is a group of fat-soluble secosteroids responsible for increasing intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate, and multiple other biological effects.
Creatinine urine	Creatinine ( or ; from Greek: κρέας, romanized: kreas, lit.
Ultrasound foetal abnormal	Ultrasound foetal abnormal
Joint irrigation	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Nasal operation	Nasal operation
Koebner phenomenon	The Koebner phenomenon or Köbner phenomenon (UK: , US: ), also called the Koebner response or the isomorphic response, attributed to Heinrich Köbner, is the appearance of skin lesions on lines of trauma.
Anti-islet cell antibody negative	Anti-islet cell antibody negative
Oxygen saturation immeasurable	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Selective IgM immunodeficiency	Isolated primary immunoglobulin M deficiency  is a poorly defined dysgammaglobulinemia characterized by decreased levels of IgM while levels of other immunoglobulins are normal.
Weight decrease neonatal	Weight decrease neonatal
Idiosyncratic drug reaction	Idiosyncratic drug reactions, also known as type B reactions, are drug reactions that occur rarely and unpredictably amongst the population.
Subperiosteal abscess	The periosteum is a membrane that covers the outer surface of all bones, except at the joints of long bones.
Implant site swelling	Implant site swelling
Inadequate diet	Inadequate diet
Encephalitis california	Encephalitis is inflammation of the brain.
Thoracostomy	A thoracostomy is a small incision of the chest wall, with maintenance of the opening for drainage.
Pericardial rub	A pericardial friction rub, also pericardial rub, is an audible medical sign used in the diagnosis of pericarditis.
Biopsy lip abnormal	Biopsy lip abnormal
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging thoracic abnormal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging thoracic abnormal
Retinogram	A retinal scan is a biometric technique that uses unique patterns on a person's retina blood vessels.
Ocular hypertension	Ocular hypertension is the presence of elevated fluid pressure inside the eye (intraocular pressure), usually with no optic nerve damage or visual field loss.For most individuals, the normal range of intraocular pressure is between 10 mmHg and 21 mmHg.
Globulin	The globulins are a family of globular proteins that have the higher molecular weights than albumins and are insoluble in pure water but dissolve in dilute salt solutions.
Neurostimulator implantation	Neurostimulation is the purposeful modulation of the nervous system's activity using invasive (e.g.
Post-traumatic stress disorder	Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a mental disorder that can develop after a person is exposed to a traumatic event, such as sexual assault, warfare, traffic collisions, child abuse, or other threats on a person's life.
Sciatic nerve neuropathy	The  sciatic nerve, also called the ischiadic or ischiadic nerve, is a large nerve in humans and other vertebrate animals which begins in the lower part of the sacral plexus and runs through the hip joint and down the lower limb.
Inhibin B	Activin and inhibin are two closely related protein complexes that have almost directly opposite biological effects.
CD8 lymphocytes abnormal	CD8 lymphocytes abnormal
CSF white blood cell count decreased	CSF white blood cell count decreased
Pulmonary resection	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Positive expiratory pressure therapy	Positive airway pressure (PAP) is a mode of respiratory ventilation used in the treatment of sleep apnea.
Pharyngoscopy	Pharyngoscopy
Congenital tricuspid valve incompetence	Congenital tricuspid valve incompetence
Food craving	A food craving (also called selective hunger) is an intense desire to consume a specific food, and is different from normal hunger.
Ultrasound scan vagina normal	Ultrasound scan vagina normal
Puncture site haemorrhage	Puncture site haemorrhage
Skin texture abnormal	Skin texture abnormal
Protein total abnormal	Protein total abnormal
Faecal elastase concentration decreased	Faecal elastase concentration decreased
Sensitisation	Sensitization is a non-associative learning process in which repeated administration of a stimulus results in the progressive amplification of a response.
Septic rash	Septic shock is a potentially fatal medical condition that occurs when sepsis, which is organ injury or damage in response to infection, leads to dangerously low blood pressure and abnormalities in cellular metabolism.
Micrographic skin surgery	Micrographic skin surgery
Vitamin B1 decreased	Thiamine, also known as thiamin or vitamin B1, is a vitamin found in food, and manufactured as a dietary supplement and medication.
Fistulogram	Fistulogram
Tonsillar ulcer	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Tonsillar inflammation	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Prothrombin time abnormal	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Pterygium	"Pterygium refers to any winglike triangular membrane occurring in the neck, eyes, knees, elbows, ankles or digits.The term comes from the Greek word pterygion meaning ""wing""."
Spinal laminectomy	Spinal laminectomy
Wound closure	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Tympanometry normal	Tympanometry is an examination used to test the condition of the middle ear and mobility of the eardrum (tympanic membrane) and the conduction bones by creating variations of air pressure in the ear canal.
Endometrial ablation	Endometrial ablation is an outpatient medical procedure that is used to remove (ablate) or destroy the endometrial lining of the uterus in women who have heavy menstrual bleeding.
Pulmonary function challenge test	Pulmonary function challenge test
Haemoglobin S increased	Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of blood disorders typically inherited from a person's parents.
Mastectomy	Mastectomy is the medical term for the surgical removal of one or both breasts, partially or completely.
Hernia pain	A hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ, such as the bowel, through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides.
Viral parotitis	Parotitis is an inflammation of one or both parotid glands, the major salivary glands located on either side of the face, in humans.
Pseudopapilloedema	Pseudopapilloedema
Deep brain stimulation	Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is a neurosurgical procedure involving the placement of a medical device called a neurostimulator (sometimes referred to as a 'brain pacemaker'), which sends electrical impulses, through implanted electrodes, to specific targets in the brain (brain nuclei) for the treatment of movement disorders, including Parkinson's disease, essential tremor, and dystonia.
Immunosuppressant drug level increased	Immunosuppressant drug level increased
Substance use	Substance use
Skin adhesion	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
CSF myelin basic protein normal	CSF myelin basic protein normal
Clot retraction	"Clot retraction is the ""shrinking"" of a blood clot over a number of days."
Vein rupture	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
X-ray of pelvis and hip abnormal	X-ray of pelvis and hip abnormal
Microsomia	Dwarfism, also known as short stature, occurs when an organism is extremely small.
Hooded prepuce	A hood is a kind of headgear that covers most of the head and neck, and sometimes the face.
Olfactory test abnormal	Olfactory test abnormal
Foetal heart rate increased	Foetal heart rate increased
Hand-eye coordination impaired	Eye–hand coordination (also known as hand–eye coordination) is the coordinated control of eye movement with hand movement and the processing of visual input to guide reaching and grasping along with the use of proprioception of the hands to guide the eyes.
Malformation venous	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Tympanic membrane disorder	Not to be confused with the secondary tympanic membrane of the round windowIn the anatomy of humans and various other tetrapods, the eardrum, also called the tympanic membrane or myringa, is a thin, cone-shaped membrane that separates the external ear from the middle ear.
Phalen's test positive	Phalen's test positive
Platelet function test abnormal	Platelet function test abnormal
Onychoclasis	Onychoclasis
Helplessness	Helplessness
Laryngoscopy normal	Laryngoscopy () is endoscopy of the larynx, a part of the throat.
Appendicolith	A fecalith is a stone made of feces.
Fear of eating	Anorexia nervosa, often referred to simply as anorexia, is an eating disorder, characterized by low weight, food restriction, fear of gaining weight, and a strong desire to be thin.
Free thyroxine index normal	Thyroid function tests (TFTs) is a collective term for blood tests used to check the function of the thyroid.TFTs may be requested if a patient is thought to suffer from hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) or hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), or to monitor the effectiveness of either thyroid-suppression or hormone replacement therapy.
Spinal epidural haematoma	Spinal epidural haematoma
Blood luteinising hormone decreased	Blood luteinising hormone decreased
Lacrimation decreased	Tears are a clear liquid secreted by the glands (known as tear ducts) found in the eyes of all land mammals (except for goats and rabbits).
Transaminases	Transaminases or aminotransferases are enzymes that catalyze a transamination reaction between an amino acid and an α-keto acid.
Glomerulonephritis membranoproliferative	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Angiogram peripheral abnormal	Angiogram peripheral abnormal
Parvovirus B19 test	Primate erythroparvovirus 1, generally referred to as B19 virus, parvovirus B19 or sometimes erythrovirus B19, was the first (and until 2005 the only) known human virus in the family Parvoviridae, genus Erythroparvovirus; it measures only 23–26 nm in diameter.
Portal venous gas	The portal vein or hepatic portal vein is a blood vessel that carries blood from the gastrointestinal tract, gallbladder, pancreas and spleen to the liver.
Intermittent explosive disorder	Intermittent explosive disorder (sometimes abbreviated as IED) is a behavioral disorder characterized by explosive outbursts of anger and violence, often to the point of rage, that are disproportionate to the situation at hand (e.g., impulsive screaming triggered by relatively inconsequential events).
Metastases to heart	Metastases to heart
Nail bed infection fungal	Nail bed infection fungal
Vaccination site paraesthesia	Vaccination site paraesthesia
Ear canal injury	The ear canal (external acoustic meatus, external auditory meatus, EAM) is a pathway running from the outer ear to the middle ear.
C-kit gene mutation	C-kit gene mutation
Computerised tomogram kidney	Computerised tomogram kidney
Enzyme activity decreased	Enzyme assays are laboratory methods for measuring enzymatic activity.
Faecal calprotectin abnormal	Faecal calprotectin (or fecal calprotectin) is a biochemical measurement of the protein calprotectin in the stool.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency	Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase  deficiency is the most common genetic cause of elevated serum levels of homocysteine (hyperhomocysteinemia).
Lumbar spinal stenosis	Lumbar spinal stenosis (LSS) is a medical condition in which the spinal canal narrows and compresses the nerves and blood vessels at the level of the lumbar vertebrae.
Upper respiratory tract irritation	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Melanodermia	Melanodermia
X-ray with contrast	X-ray with contrast
Ultrasound scan vagina	Medical ultrasound (also known as diagnostic sonography or ultrasonography) is a diagnostic imaging technique based on the application of ultrasound.
Peripartum haemorrhage	Childbirth, also known as labour and delivery, is the ending of pregnancy where one or more babies leaves a woman's uterus by passing through the vagina or by Caesarean section.
Polymorphic eruption of pregnancy	Pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy (PUPPP), known in United Kingdom as polymorphic eruption of pregnancy (PEP), is a chronic hives-like rash that strikes some women during pregnancy.
Ear infection fungal	Otitis is a general term for inflammation or inflammation of the ear, in both humans and other animals.
Skin cosmetic procedure	Skin cosmetic procedure
Transplant	Transplant
Haemorrhagic cerebral infarction	Haemorrhagic cerebral infarction
Rectal examination	Rectal examination, commonly called a prostate exam, is an internal examination of the rectum, performed by a healthcare provider.
Urine ketone body absent	Urine ketone body absent
Radical neck dissection	The neck dissection is a surgical procedure for control of neck lymph node metastasis from squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) of the head and neck.
Withdrawal syndrome	A withdrawal syndrome (also called a discontinuation syndrome) is a set of symptoms occurring in discontinuation or dosage reduction of some types of medications and recreational drugs.
Periorbital contusion	The periorbita is the area around the orbit.
Megakaryocytes normal	"A megakaryocyte (mega- + karyo- + -cyte, ""large-nucleus cell"") is a large bone marrow cell with a lobated nucleus responsible for the production of blood thrombocytes (platelets), which are necessary for normal blood clotting."
Iron binding capacity total	Total iron-binding capacity (TIBC) or sometimes transferring iron-binding capacity is a medical laboratory test that measures the blood's capacity to bind iron with transferrin.
Procedural complication	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Subcutaneous biopsy abnormal	Subcutaneous biopsy abnormal
Pelvic congestion	The pelvis (plural pelves or  pelvises) is either the lower part of the trunk of the human body between the abdomen and the thighs (sometimes also called pelvic region of the trunk) or the skeleton embedded in it (sometimes also called bony pelvis, or pelvic skeleton).
Hypoparathyroidism	Hypoparathyroidism is decreased function of the parathyroid glands with underproduction of parathyroid hormone.
Visual brightness	Brightness is an attribute of visual perception in which a source appears to be radiating or reflecting light.
Maternal distress during labour	Maternal distress during labour
Troponin T	Troponin T is a part of the troponin complex, which are proteins integral to the contraction of skeletal and heart muscles.
Tooth impacted	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Sepsis syndrome	Sepsis is a life-threatening condition that arises when the body's response to infection causes injury to its own tissues and organs.
Venogram	Venography (also called phlebography or ascending phlebography) is a procedure in which an x-ray of the veins, a venogram, is taken after a special dye is injected into the bone marrow or veins.
Moraxella test positive	Moraxella test positive
Magnesium deficiency	Magnesium deficiency is an electrolyte disturbance in which there is a low level of magnesium in the body.
High risk sexual behaviour	High risk sexual behaviour
Penile operation	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Cautery to nose	Cautery to nose
Sweat test normal	The sweat test measures the concentration of chloride that is excreted in sweat.
Endocarditis viral	Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart, the endocardium.
Intracranial hypotension	A spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid leak (SCSFL) is a medical condition in which the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) surrounding the human brain and spinal cord leaks out of the surrounding protective dural sac for no apparent reason.
Living in residential institution	Living in residential institution
Scan spleen	Scan spleen
Mean cell volume abnormal	The mean corpuscular volume, or mean cell volume (MCV), is a measure of the average volume of a red blood corpuscle (or red blood cell).
Salpingectomy	Salpingectomy refers to the surgical removal of a Fallopian tube.
Blood testosterone increased	Blood testosterone increased
Ejection fraction	An ejection fraction (EF) is the volumetric fraction (or portion of the total) of fluid (usually blood) ejected from a chamber (usually the heart) with each contraction (or heartbeat).
Red blood cell morphology abnormal	Red blood cell morphology abnormal
Intervertebral disc space narrowing	An intervertebral disc (or intervertebral fibrocartilage) lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
Protein total normal	Protein total normal
Respiratory depth increased	Respiratory depth increased
Red blood cell count normal	Red blood cell count normal
Carbohydrate antigen 125	Carbohydrate antigen 125
Myositis ossificans	Myositis ossificans comprises two syndromes characterized by heterotopic ossification (calcification) of muscle.
Traumatic delivery	Traumatic delivery
Exercise test normal	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Appendiceal abscess	Appendiceal abscess
Pancreatic duct obstruction	The pancreatic duct, or duct of Wirsung (also, the major pancreatic duct due to the existence of an accessory pancreatic duct), is a duct joining the pancreas to the common bile duct to supply pancreatic juice provided from the exocrine pancreas, which aids in digestion.
Food hoarding	Food is any substance consumed to provide nutritional support for an organism.
Peripheral nerve injury	Nerve injury is injury to nervous tissue.
Procedural pain	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Retinal function test abnormal	Retinal function test abnormal
Primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma	Primary mediastinal B-cell lymphoma, abbreviated PMBL, is a rare type of lymphoma that forms in the mediastinum (the space in between the lungs) and predominantly affects young adults.It is a subtype of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma; however, it generally has a significantly better prognosis.
Sputum normal	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Spinal cord compression	Spinal cord compression develops when the spinal cord is compressed by bone fragments from a vertebral fracture, a tumor, abscess, ruptured intervertebral disc or other lesion.
Basophil count abnormal	Basophil count abnormal
Peritoneal dialysis	Peritoneal dialysis (PD) is a type of dialysis which uses the peritoneum in a person's abdomen as the membrane through which fluid and dissolved substances are exchanged with the blood.
Insulin C-peptide increased	Insulin C-peptide increased
Neurotic disorder of childhood	Neurotic disorder of childhood
Osmotic demyelination syndrome	Central pontine myelinolysis (CPM) is a neurological condition involving severe damage to the myelin sheath of nerve cells in the pons (an area of the brainstem).
Neonatal candida infection	Neonatal candida infection
Progesterone abnormal	Progesterone (P4) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle, pregnancy, and embryogenesis of humans and other species.
Tensilon test abnormal	Tensilon test (edrophonium test) is a pharmacological test used for the diagnosis of certain neural diseases, especially myasthenia gravis.
Mineral deficiency	Mineral deficiency is a lack of the dietary minerals, the micronutrients that are needed for an organism's proper health.
Warm type haemolytic anaemia	Warm type haemolytic anaemia
Coagulation factor inhibitor assay	Coagulation factor inhibitor assay
Ultrasound liver	Ultrasound is sound waves with frequencies higher than the upper audible limit of human hearing.
Drug abuse	Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder.
White blood cells stool	White blood cells (WBCs), also called leukocytes or leucocytes, are the cells of the immune system that are involved in protecting the body against both infectious disease and foreign invaders.
Contrast media reaction	A contrast agent (or contrast medium) is a substance used to increase the contrast of structures or fluids within the body in medical imaging.
Peak expiratory flow rate normal	The peak expiratory flow (PEF), also called peak expiratory flow rate (PEFR), is a person's maximum speed of expiration, as measured with a peak flow meter, a small, hand-held device used to monitor a person's ability to breathe out air.
Surgical failure	Surgery is a medical specialty that uses operative manual and instrumental techniques on a patient to investigate or treat a pathological condition such as a disease or injury, to help improve bodily function or appearance or to repair unwanted ruptured areas.
Eyelid erosion	An eyelid is a thin fold of skin that covers and protects an eye.
Adenoiditis	Adenoiditis is the inflammation of the adenoid tissue it's usually caused by an infection.
Needle biopsy site unspecified abnormal	Needle biopsy site unspecified abnormal
Total lung capacity	Lung volumes and lung capacities refer to the volume of air in the lungs at different phases of the respiratory cycle.
Vital capacity normal	Vital capacity (VC) is the maximum amount of air a person can expel from the lungs after a maximum inhalation.
Post procedural drainage	Post procedural drainage
Type II hypersensitivity	Type II hypersensitivity, in the Gell and Coombs classification of allergic reactions, is an  antibody mediated process in which IgG and IgM antibodies are directed against antigens on cells (such as circulating red blood cells) or extracellular material (such as basement membrane).
Mental disorder due to a general medical condition	Mental disorder due to a general medical condition
White blood cells stool negative	White blood cells stool negative
Wound dehiscence	Wound dehiscence is a surgical complication in which a wound ruptures along a surgical incision.
Hyperpallaesthesia	Hyperpallaesthesia
Vaginal laceration	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Polyp	In anatomy, a polyp is an abnormal growth of tissue projecting from a mucous membrane.
Vanillyl mandelic acid urine	Vanillylmandelic acid (VMA) is a chemical intermediate in the synthesis of artificial vanilla flavorings and is an end-stage metabolite of the catecholamines (dopamine, epinephrine, and norepinephrine).
Trichotillomania	Trichotillomania (TTM), also known as hair pulling disorder, is a mental disorder characterized by a long-term urge that results in the pulling out of one's hair.
Reye's syndrome	Reye syndrome is a rapidly progressive encephalopathy.
Iris disorder	Iris disorder
Tracheostomy malfunction	Tracheotomy (, UK also ), or tracheostomy, is a surgical procedure which consists of making an incision (cut) on the anterior aspect (front) of the neck and opening a direct airway through an incision in the trachea (windpipe).
Viral load	Viral load, also known as viral burden, viral titre or viral titer, is a numerical expression of the quantity of virus in a given volume.
Red man syndrome	Vancomycin is an antibiotic used to treat a number of bacterial infections.
Pulse pressure increased	Pulse pressure is the difference between systolic and diastolic blood pressure.It is measured in millimeters of mercury (mmHg).
Meningioma	Meningioma, also known as meningeal tumor, is typically a slow-growing tumor that forms from the meninges, the membranous layers surrounding the brain and spinal cord.
Large intestinal ulcer	Large intestinal ulcer
Hyperosmolar state	Hyperosmolar state
Carbon monoxide poisoning	Carbon monoxide poisoning typically occurs from breathing in carbon monoxide (CO) at excessive levels.
Chondritis	Chondritis  is inflammation of cartilage.It takes several forms, osteochondritis, costochondritis, Relapsing polychondritis among them.
Thoracic outlet syndrome	Thoracic outlet syndrome (TOS) is a condition in which there is compression of the nerves, arteries, or veins in the passageway from the lower neck to the armpit.
Mean cell haemoglobin increased	The mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) is a measure of the concentration of haemoglobin in a given volume of packed red blood cell.
Gingival injury	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Respiratory syncytial virus serology	The virus, human respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV), a member of the species Human orthopneumovirus (formerly Human respiratory syncytial virus), is a syncytial virus that causes respiratory tract infections.
Free prostate-specific antigen increased	Free prostate-specific antigen increased
Reticulocyte count	Reticulocytes are immature red blood cells (RBCs).
Pulmonary artery dilatation	A pulmonary artery is an artery in the pulmonary circulation that carries deoxygenated blood from the right side of the heart to the lungs.
Double heterozygous sickling disorders	Double heterozygous sickling disorders
Pituitary enlargement	In vertebrate anatomy, the pituitary gland, or hypophysis, is an endocrine gland about the size of a pea and weighing 0.5 grams (0.018 oz) in humans.
Death of companion	Death of companion
Respiratory syncytial virus serology negative	Respiratory syncytial virus serology negative
Left ventricular dysfunction	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Nocturnal fear	Nocturnality is an animal behavior characterized by being active during the night and sleeping during the day.
Blood immunoglobulin D	Blood immunoglobulin D
Genital cyst	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Red blood cells CSF positive	Red blood cells CSF positive
Prophylaxis against Rh isoimmunisation	Prophylaxis against Rh isoimmunisation
Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal aureus test negative	Methicillin-resistant staphylococcal aureus test negative
Reflex test abnormal	A reflex, or reflex action, is an involuntary and nearly instantaneous movement in response to a stimulus.
Fragile X syndrome	Fragile X syndrome (FXS) is a genetic disorder.
Central nervous system leukaemia	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Endoscopy small intestine normal	Endoscopy small intestine normal
Normal delivery	Normal delivery
Streptococcal serology	Streptococcus is a genus of gram-positive coccus (plural cocci) or spherical bacteria that belongs to the family Streptococcaceae, within the order Lactobacillales (lactic acid bacteria), in the phylum Firmicutes.
Exocrine pancreatic function test	Exocrine pancreatic function test
Neck deformity	The neck is the part of the body on many vertebrates that connects the head with the torso and provides the mobility and movements of the head.
Ehrlichia serology	Ehrlichia is a genus of Rickettsiales bacteria that are transmitted to vertebrates by ticks.
Red blood cell analysis	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
CSF neutrophil count decreased	CSF neutrophil count decreased
Pilonidal cyst	Pilonidal disease is a type of skin infection which typically occurs as a cyst between the cheeks of the buttocks and often at the upper end.
Sinus rhythm	A sinus rhythm is any cardiac rhythm in which depolarization of the cardiac muscle begins at the sinus node.
X-ray gastrointestinal tract	X-ray gastrointestinal tract
Paresis anal sphincter	Paresis anal sphincter
Sweat discolouration	Perspiration, also known as sweating, is the production of fluids secreted by the sweat glands in the skin of mammals.Two types of sweat glands can be found in humans: eccrine glands and apocrine glands.
Priapism	Priapism is a condition in which a penis remains erect for hours in the absence of stimulation or after stimulation has ended.
Red blood cells urine	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
High density lipoprotein decreased	High-density lipoprotein (HDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoproteins.
Diaphragmatic aplasia	The thoracic diaphragm, or simply the diaphragm (Ancient Greek: διάφραγμα, romanized: diáphragma, lit.
Otosclerosis	Otosclerosis is a condition where one or more foci of irregularly laid spongy bone replace part of normally dense enchondral layer of bony otic capsule in the bony labyrinth.
Urine glucose false positive	Urine glucose false positive
Coronary artery embolism	The coronary arteries are the blood vessels (arteries) of coronary circulation, which transports oxygenated blood to the substance of the heart.
Erythroleukaemia	Acute erythroid leukemia is a rare form of acute myeloid leukemia (less than 5% of AML cases) where the myeloproliferation is of erythroblastic precursors.
Hypolipidaemia	Hypolipidaemia
Vulvovaginitis trichomonal	Vaginitis, also known as vulvovaginitis, is inflammation of the vagina and vulva.
Diffuse alveolar damage	Diffuse alveolar damage is a histological pattern in lung disease.
Platelet adhesiveness increased	Platelet adhesiveness is the adhesion of platelets to other structures.It can be contrasted with platelet aggregation, which refers to the processes or factors which lead to the adhesion of platelets to other platelets.
Myeloid maturation arrest	Myeloid maturation arrest
Respiratory acidosis	"..
Respiratory acidosis is a medical emergency in which decreased ventilation (hypoventilation) increases the concentration of carbon dioxide in the blood and decreases the blood's pH (a condition generally called acidosis)."
Melanosis	"Melanosis is a form of hyperpigmentation associated with increased melanin.It can also refer to:

Melanism
Ocular melanosis
Smoker's melanosis
Oral melanosis
Riehl melanosis"
Pancreatitis haemorrhagic	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Renal interstitial fibrosis	Renal interstitial fibrosis
Breast disorder male	Breast diseases make up a number of conditions.
Thyroxine decreased	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Hyposthenuria	Isosthenuria refers to the excretion of urine whose specific gravity (concentration) is neither greater (more concentrated) nor less (more dilute) than that of protein-free plasma, typically 1.008-1.012.
Blood folate abnormal	Blood folate abnormal
Blood homocysteine decreased	Blood homocysteine decreased
Prolonged expiration	Prolonged expiration
Human herpesvirus 7 infection	Human betaherpesvirus 7 (HHV-7) is one of nine known members of the Herpesviridae family that infects humans.
Coagulation time	Coagulation, also known as clotting, is the process by which blood changes from a liquid to a gel, forming a blood clot.
pH body fluid decreased	pH body fluid decreased
Thyroxine free	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Salivary gland adenoma	The salivary glands in mammals are exocrine glands that produce saliva through a system of ducts.
Otoscopy	An otoscope or auriscope is a medical device which is used to look into the ears.
Malignant mediastinal neoplasm	Malignant mediastinal neoplasm
Spinal cord oedema	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Infection prophylaxis	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Spinal haemangioma	Spinal haemangioma
Retroperitoneal lymphadenopathy	The retroperitoneal space (retroperitoneum) is the anatomical space (sometimes a potential space) in the abdominal cavity behind (retro) the peritoneum.
Low density lipoprotein	Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoprotein which transport all fat molecules around the body in the extracellular water.
Purging	Purging
Skin inflammation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Gallop rhythm present	A gallop rhythm refers to a (usually abnormal) rhythm of the heart on auscultation.
Perivascular dermatitis	Dermatitis, also known as eczema, is a group of diseases that result in inflammation of the skin.
Visual acuity reduced transiently	Visual acuity reduced transiently
Exudative retinopathy	"An exudate is a fluid emitted by an organism through pores or a wound, a process known as exuding or exudation.Exudate is derived from exude, ""to ooze,"" from the Latin exsūdāre, ""to (ooze out) sweat"" (ex- ""out"" and sūdāre ""to sweat"")."
Light chain analysis	The immunoglobulin light chain is the small polypeptide subunit of an antibody (immunoglobulin).
Necrosis ischaemic	"Necrosis (from the Greek νέκρωσις ""death, the stage of dying, the act of killing"" from νεκρός ""dead"") is a form of cell injury which results in the premature death of cells in living tissue by autolysis.Necrosis is caused by factors external to the cell or tissue, such as infection, toxins, or trauma which result in the unregulated digestion of cell components."
Glomerulonephritis chronic	Glomerulonephritis (GN) is a term used to refer to several kidney diseases (usually affecting both kidneys).
Vocal cord atrophy	The vocal cords, also known as vocal folds, are folds of tissue in the throat that are key in creating sounds through vocalization.
Fatty acid deficiency	In chemistry, particularly in biochemistry, a fatty acid is a carboxylic acid with a long aliphatic chain, which is either saturated or unsaturated.
Virus stool test	Virus stool test
Mesenteric vascular insufficiency	Mesenteric ischemia is a medical condition in which injury to the small intestine occurs due to not enough blood supply.
Vertebral artery occlusion	The vertebral arteries are major arteries of the neck.
Tongue haemorrhage	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Neurosurgery	Neurosurgery, or neurological surgery, is the medical specialty concerned with the prevention, diagnosis, surgical treatment, and rehabilitation of disorders which affect any portion of the nervous system including the brain, spinal cord, peripheral nerves, and cerebrovascular system.
Urine iron decreased	Urine iron decreased
Pneumoperitoneum	Pneumoperitoneum is pneumatosis (abnormal presence of air or other gas) in the peritoneal cavity, a potential space within the abdominal cavity.
Post-traumatic amnestic disorder	Post-traumatic amnestic disorder
Urine mercury normal	Urine mercury normal
Septo-optic dysplasia	Septo-optic dysplasia (SOD), is a rare congenital malformation syndrome featuring underdevelopment of the optic nerve, pituitary gland dysfunction, and absence of the septum pellucidum (a midline part of the brain).
Viral tonsillitis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
ECG P wave inverted	ECG P wave inverted
Shoulder arthroplasty	The human shoulder is made up of three bones: the clavicle (collarbone), the scapula (shoulder blade), and the humerus (upper arm bone) as well as associated muscles, ligaments and tendons.
Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome	Klippel–Trénaunay syndrome  formerly Klippel–Trénaunay–Weber syndrome and sometimes angioosteohypertrophy syndrome and hemangiectatic hypertrophy, is a rare congenital medical condition in which blood vessels and/or lymph vessels fail to form properly.
Hodgkin's disease stage IV	Hodgkin's disease stage IV
Neutralising antibodies positive	A neutralizing antibody (NAb) is an antibody that defends a cell from an antigen or infectious body by neutralizing any effect it has biologically.
Osteoma	"An osteoma (plural: ""osteomata"") is a new piece of bone usually growing on another piece of bone, typically the skull."
Primiparous	In biology and human medicine, gravidity and parity are the number of times a female is or has been pregnant (gravidity) and carried the pregnancies to a viable gestational age (parity).
Craniectomy	Decompressive craniectomy (crani- + -ectomy)  is a neurosurgical procedure in which part of the skull is removed to allow a swelling brain room to expand without being squeezed.
Meningitis herpes	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Pancreatitis relapsing	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Rasmussen encephalitis	Rasmussen's encephalitis,  is a rare inflammatory neurological disease, characterized by frequent and severe seizures, loss of motor skills and speech, hemiparesis (weakness on one side of the body), encephalitis (inflammation of the brain), and dementia.
Retroplacental haematoma	Retroplacental haematoma
Procedural nausea	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Iodine deficiency	Iodine deficiency is a lack of the trace element iodine, an essential nutrient in the diet.
Total bile acids increased	Total bile acids increased
Joint surgery	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Sputum retention	Sputum  is mucus and is the name used for the coughed-up material (phlegm) from the lower airways (trachea and bronchi).
Platelet distribution width	Platelet distribution width
Primigravida	In biology and human medicine, gravidity and parity are the number of times a female is or has been pregnant (gravidity) and carried the pregnancies to a viable gestational age (parity).
Bone debridement	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Scleral oedema	Scleral oedema
Spinal cord injury cervical	A spinal cord injury (SCI) is damage to the spinal cord that causes temporary or permanent changes in its function.
Neuroendocrine tumour	Neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) are neoplasms that arise from cells of the endocrine (hormonal) and nervous systems.
Subdural empyema	Subdural empyema is a form of empyema – a collection of pus, in the subdural space.
Bleeding time normal	Bleeding time is a medical test done on someone to assess their platelets function.
Palpatory finding abnormal	Palpatory finding abnormal
Lip erosion	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Peripheral nerve lesion	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Thymoma	A thymoma is a tumor originating from the epithelial cells of the thymus that may be benign or malignant.
Ultrasonic angiogram	Ultrasonic angiogram
Karnofsky scale	In medicine (oncology and other fields), performance status is an attempt to quantify cancer patients' general well-being and activities of daily life.
Insulin C-peptide decreased	Insulin C-peptide decreased
Synovial fluid analysis	Synovial fluid, also called synovia,[help 1] is a viscous, non-Newtonian fluid found in the cavities of synovial joints.
Lipoprotein (a) normal	Lipoprotein(a) (also called Lp(a) or LPA) is a special kind of Low density lipoprotein, containing a protein called apolipoprotein(a) (also known as apo(a), not to be confused with apoA).
Neonatal tachypnoea	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Vulval operation	The vulva (plural vulvas or vulvae; derived from Latin for wrapper or covering) consists of the external female sex organs.
Arteriogram abnormal	Angiography or arteriography is a medical imaging technique used to visualize the inside, or lumen, of blood vessels and organs of the body, with particular interest in the arteries, veins, and the heart chambers.
Blood immunoglobulin D increased	Blood immunoglobulin D increased
Fructose intolerance	Fructose malabsorption, formerly named dietary fructose intolerance (DFI), is a digestive disorder in which absorption of fructose is impaired by deficient fructose carriers in the small intestine's enterocytes.
Metastases to lung	Metastases to lung
Lymphocyte transformation test negative	Lymphocyte transformation test negative
Lymphocyte transformation test positive	Lymphocyte transformation test positive
Nasal septum deviation	Nasal septum deviation is a physical disorder of the nose, involving a displacement of the nasal septum.
Coronary artery stenosis	Coronary artery disease (CAD), also known as ischemic heart disease (IHD), involves the reduction of blood flow to the heart muscle due to build-up of plaque in the arteries of the heart.
Platelet morphology normal	Platelet morphology normal
Macrophage count	Macrophages (Greek: big eaters, from Greek μακρός (makrós) = large, φαγεῖν (phagein) = to eat) are a type of white blood cell, of the immune system, that engulfs and digests cellular debris, foreign substances, microbes, cancer cells, and anything else that does not have the type of proteins specific to healthy body cells on its surface in a process called phagocytosis.
Incision site infection	Incision site infection
Orchitis mumps	Orchitis is inflammation of the testes.
Liver scan	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Salpingo-oophoritis	Salpingo-oophoritis
Stiff person syndrome	Stiff-person syndrome (SPS), also known as stiff-man syndrome (SMS), is a rare neurologic disorder of unclear cause characterized by progressive rigidity and stiffness.
Pulmonary microemboli	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Blood osmolarity normal	Plasma osmolality measures the body's electrolyte-water balance.
Limb asymmetry	Limb asymmetry
Smear site unspecified normal	Smear site unspecified normal
Parathyroid gland enlargement	Parathyroid glands are small endocrine glands in the neck of humans and other tetrapods.
Breast calcifications	The breast is one of two prominences located on the upper ventral region of the torso of primates.
X-linked chromosomal disorder	X-linked chromosomal disorder
Lymphoblast count	A lymphoblast is a modified naive lymphocyte with altered cell morphology.
Uterine cyst	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Optical coherence tomography normal	Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is an imaging technique that uses low-coherence light to capture micrometer-resolution, two- and three-dimensional images from within optical scattering media (e.g., biological tissue).
CSF measles antibody negative	CSF measles antibody negative
Vitamin B12 normal	Vitamin B12, also known as cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body: it is a cofactor in DNA synthesis, and in both fatty acid and amino acid metabolism.
Cholecystitis acute	Cholecystitis is inflammation of the gallbladder.
Flail chest	Flail chest is a life-threatening medical condition that occurs when a segment of the rib cage breaks due to trauma and becomes detached from the rest of the chest wall.
Hepatitis A antigen negative	Hepatitis A antigen negative
Wound haematoma	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Selective IgG subclass deficiency	Selective IgG subclass deficiency
Mitral valve stenosis	Mitral stenosis is a valvular heart disease characterized by the narrowing of the orifice of the mitral valve of the heart.
Parakeratosis	Parakeratosis is a mode of keratinization characterized by the retention of nuclei in the stratum corneum.
Protein S normal	Protein S (also known as S-Protein) is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein synthesized in the liver.
Mitochondrial DNA depletion	Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA or mDNA) is the DNA located in mitochondria, cellular organelles within eukaryotic cells that convert chemical energy from food into a form that cells can use, adenosine triphosphate (ATP).
Bence Jones protein urine absent	Bence Jones protein urine absent
Eye excision	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Urinary sediment present	Urinary casts are microscopic cylindrical structures produced by the kidney and present in the urine in certain disease states.
Thelitis	Thelitis
CD4/CD8 ratio decreased	CD4/CD8 ratio decreased
Puerperal pyrexia	A postpartum (or postnatal) period begins immediately after the birth of a child as the mother's body, including hormone levels and uterus size, returns to a non-pregnant state.
Dehydroepiandrosterone test	Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), also known as androstenolone, is an endogenous steroid hormone.
Carotid artery aneurysm	"Carotid artery may refer to:

Common carotid artery, often ""carotids"" or ""carotid"", an artery on each side of the neck which divides into the external carotid artery and internal carotid artery
External carotid artery, an artery on each side of the head and neck supplying blood to the face, scalp, skull, neck and meninges
Internal carotid artery, an artery on each side of the head and neck supplying blood to the brain"
Thrombin time normal	The thrombin time (TT), also known as the thrombin clotting time (TCT) is a blood test that measures the time it takes for a clot to form in the plasma of a blood sample containing anticoagulant, after an excess of thrombin has been added.
Lipomatosis	Lipomatosis is believed to be an autosomal dominant condition in which multiple lipomas are present on the body.
Norepinephrine increased	Norepinephrine (NE), also called noradrenaline (NA) or noradrenalin, is an organic chemical in the catecholamine family that functions in the brain and body as a hormone and neurotransmitter.
Persecutory delusion	Persecutory delusions are a set of delusional conditions in which the affected persons believe they are being persecuted.
Nephrostomy	A nephrostomy is an artificial opening created between the kidney and the skin which allows for the urinary diversion directly from the upper part of the urinary system (renal pelvis).
Renal tubular necrosis	"The nephron (from Greek νεφρός – nephros, meaning ""kidney"") is the microscopic structural and functional unit of the kidney."
Head circumference	In human anatomy, the head is at the top of the human body.
CD4/CD8 ratio increased	CD4/CD8 ratio increased
BK virus infection	The BK virus is a member of the polyomavirus family.
Monomelic amyotrophy	Monomelic amyotrophy (MMA), is a motor neuron disease first described in 1959 in Japan.
Periodic acid Schiff stain	Periodic acid–Schiff (PAS) is a staining method used to detect polysaccharides such as glycogen, and mucosubstances such as glycoproteins, glycolipids and mucins in tissues.
Interleukin level	Interleukins (ILs) are a group of cytokines (secreted proteins and signal molecules) that were first seen to be expressed by white blood cells (leukocytes).
Scan bone marrow	Scan bone marrow
Pneumocystis jirovecii infection	Pneumocystis jirovecii (previously P. carinii) is a yeast-like fungus of the genus Pneumocystis.
Pseudomonal bacteraemia	Pseudomonas is a genus of Gram-negative,  Gammaproteobacteria, belonging to the family Pseudomonadaceae and containing 191 validly described species.
Intestinal transit time abnormal	Intestinal transit time abnormal
Rhinotracheitis	Feline viral rhinotracheitis (FVR) is an upper respiratory or pulmonary infection of cats caused by Felid alphaherpesvirus 1 (FeHV-1), of the family Herpesviridae.
Muscle hypoxia	Muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals.
Squamous cell carcinoma of lung	Non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) is any type of epithelial lung cancer other than small cell lung carcinoma (SCLC).
Laryngeal obstruction	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Carnitine abnormal	Carnitine (β-hydroxy-γ-N-trimethylaminobutyric acid, 3-hydroxy-4-N,N,N-trimethylaminobutyrate) is a quaternary ammonium compound involved in metabolism in most mammals, plants, and some bacteria.
Cholangitis infective	Ascending cholangitis, also known as acute cholangitis or simply cholangitis, is inflammation of the bile duct (cholangitis), usually caused by bacteria ascending from its junction with the duodenum (first part of the small intestine).
Parvovirus B19 infection	Primate erythroparvovirus 1, generally referred to as B19 virus, parvovirus B19 or sometimes erythrovirus B19, was the first (and until 2005 the only) known human virus in the family Parvoviridae, genus Erythroparvovirus; it measures only 23–26 nm in diameter.
Waxy flexibility	Waxy flexibility is a psychomotor symptom of catatonia as associated with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or other mental disorders which leads to a decreased response to stimuli and a tendency to remain in an immobile posture.
Electrocardiogram QT interval abnormal	Electrocardiogram QT interval abnormal
Reactive airways dysfunction syndrome	Reactive airway disease (RAD) is an informal label that physicans apply to patients with symptoms similar to those of asthma.
Optic nerve hypoplasia	Optic nerve hypoplasia (ONH) is a medical condition arising from the underdevelopment of the optic nerve(s).
Ovarian prolapse	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Gastrointestinal dysplasia	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Myofascial pain syndrome	"Myofascial pain syndrome (MPS), also known as chronic myofascial pain (CMP), is a syndrome characterized by chronic pain in multiple myofascial trigger points (""knots"") and fascial (connective tissue) constrictions."
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia test positive	Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia test positive
Large intestine polyp	The large intestine, also known as the large bowel, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates.
Carbohydrate deficient transferrin test	Carbohydrate-deficient transferrin (CDT) is a laboratory test used to help detect heavy ethanol consumption.
Ophthalmic vein thrombosis	Ophthalmic veins are veins which drain the eye.
Pancreatic enzymes	Digestive enzymes are a group of enzymes that break down polymeric macromolecules into their smaller building blocks, in order to facilitate their absorption by the body.
Pituitary tumour	Pituitary adenomas are tumors that occur in the pituitary gland.
Normal tension glaucoma	"Normal tension glaucoma (NTG) is an eye disease, a neuropathy of the optic nerve, that shows all the characteristics of ""traditional"" glaucoma except one: the elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) - the classic hallmark of glaucoma - is missing."
Diabetic ketoacidotic hyperglycaemic coma	Diabetic ketoacidotic hyperglycaemic coma
Trousseau's sign	Trousseau sign of latent tetany is a medical sign observed in patients with low calcium.
Catheter site erythema	Catheter site erythema
Umbilical hernia repair	An umbilical hernia is a health condition where the abdominal wall behind the navel is damaged.
Mental fatigue	Fatigue is a subjective feeling of tiredness.
Neuropathic muscular atrophy	Neuropathic muscular atrophy
Foetal movement disorder	Fetal movement refers to motion of a fetus caused by its own muscle activity.
CHARGE syndrome	CHARGE syndrome (formerly known as CHARGE association) is a rare syndrome caused by a genetic disorder.
Nonreassuring foetal heart rate pattern	Nonreassuring foetal heart rate pattern
Widal test	In 1896 and named after its inventor, Georges-Fernand Widal, is a presumptive serological test for enteric fever or undulant fever whereby bacteria causing typhoid fever is mixed with a serum containing specific antibodies obtained from an infected individual.
Rhinoscleroma	Rhinoscleroma, is a chronic granulomatous bacterial disease of the nose that can sometimes infect the upper respiratory tract.
Stenotrophomonas infection	Stenotrophomonas is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria , comprising at least ten species.
Venous haemorrhage	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Nephrological examination	Nephrological examination
Quadrantanopia	Quadrantanopia, quadrantanopsia,  refers to an anopia affecting a quarter of the field of vision.
Urge incontinence	Overactive bladder (OAB) is a condition where there is a frequent feeling of needing to urinate to a degree that it negatively affects a person's life.
Brucellosis	Brucellosis is a highly contagious zoonosis caused by ingestion of unpasteurized milk or undercooked meat from infected animals, or close contact with their secretions.
Pseudoparalysis	Paralysis is a loss of muscle function for one or more muscles.
Cardiac ventriculogram normal	Cardiac ventriculogram normal
Corneal thinning	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Synovectomy	Synovectomy is a procedure where the synovial tissue surrounding a joint is removed.
Faecal calprotectin decreased	Faecal calprotectin (or fecal calprotectin) is a biochemical measurement of the protein calprotectin in the stool.
Foreign body in respiratory tract	Foreign body in respiratory tract
Suicide of relative	Suicide of relative
Myoglobin blood decreased	Myoglobin blood decreased
Ventricular dysfunction	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Otoscopy abnormal	An otoscope or auriscope is a medical device which is used to look into the ears.
Pneumonia measles	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Tongue cyst	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Subcutaneous biopsy	A subcutaneous injection is administered as a bolus into the subcutis, the layer of skin directly below the dermis and epidermis, collectively referred to as the cutis.
Liver function test decreased	Liver function tests (LFTs or LFs), also referred to as a hepatic panel, are groups of blood tests that provide information about the state of a patient's liver.
Single photon emission computerised tomogram abnormal	Single photon emission computerised tomogram abnormal
Natural killer cell count decreased	Natural killer cell count decreased
Reflux gastritis	Reflux is a technique involving the condensation of vapors and the return of this condensate to the system from which it originated.
Nasal mucosal erosion	Nasal mucosal erosion
Sinonasal obstruction	Sinonasal obstruction
Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis	Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is excessive fat build-up in the liver with insulin resistance due to causes other than alcohol use.
Ureteric stenosis	Ureteric stenosis
Epstein-Barr viraemia	The Epstein–Barr virus (EBV, sometimes abbreviated as EPV), formally called Human gammaherpesvirus 4, is one of the nine known human herpesvirus types in the herpes family, and is one of the most common viruses in humans.
Hepatitis D RNA negative	Hepatitis D RNA negative
Hepatitis D antibody negative	Hepatitis D antibody negative
Gallbladder oedema	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Steatohepatitis	Steatohepatitis is a type of fatty liver disease, characterized by inflammation of the liver with concurrent fat accumulation in liver.
Salmonella test	Salmonella is a genus of rod-shaped (bacillus) Gram-negative bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Menstrual cycle management	The menstrual cycle is the regular natural change that occurs in the female reproductive system (specifically the uterus and ovaries) that makes pregnancy possible.
Fibrin	Fibrin (also called Factor Ia) is a fibrous, non-globular protein involved in the clotting of blood.
Temperature perception test abnormal	Temperature perception test abnormal
Pericarditis lupus	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Rhesus antigen	The Rh blood group system is one of forty-five known human blood group systems.
Childhood asthma	Childhood is the age span ranging from birth to adolescence.
Dyshidrotic eczema	Dyshidrosis, is a type of dermatitis, that is characterized by itchy blisters on the palms of the hands and bottoms of the feet.
Vital capacity decreased	Vital capacity (VC) is the maximum amount of air a person can expel from the lungs after a maximum inhalation.
Mean cell haemoglobin normal	The mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) is a measure of the concentration of haemoglobin in a given volume of packed red blood cell.
Splenic infarction	Splenic infarction is a condition in which blood flow supply to the spleen is compromised, leading to partial or complete infarction (tissue death due to oxygen shortage) in the organ.Splenic infarction occurs when the splenic artery or one of its branches are occluded, for example by a blood clot.
Hepatitis C RNA decreased	Hepatitis C RNA decreased
Therapeutic hypothermia	Targeted temperature management (TTM) previously known as therapeutic hypothermia or protective hypothermia is an active treatment that tries to achieve and maintain a specific body temperature in a person for a specific duration of time in an effort to improve health outcomes during recovery after a period of stopped blood flow to the brain.
Ultrasound thyroid normal	Ultrasound thyroid normal
Urine lactic acid increased	Urine lactic acid increased
Gastric mucosa erythema	The gastric mucosa is the mucous membrane layer of the stomach, which contains the glands and the gastric pits.
Vaccination site plaque	Vaccination site plaque
Chondrocalcinosis	Chondrocalcinosis or cartilage calcification is calcification (accumulation of calcium salts) in hyaline and/or fibrocartilage.
Laryngeal hypertrophy	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Large intestine infection	The large intestine, also known as the large bowel, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates.
Pleural thickening	Pleural thickening is an increase in the bulkiness of one or both of the pulmonary pleurae.
Pulmonary pneumatocele	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Shoulder deformity	The human shoulder is made up of three bones: the clavicle (collarbone), the scapula (shoulder blade), and the humerus (upper arm bone) as well as associated muscles, ligaments and tendons.
Reticulocyte count increased	Reticulocytes are immature red blood cells (RBCs).
Positron emission tomography-magnetic resonance imaging	Positron emission tomography–magnetic resonance imaging (PET–MRI) is a hybrid imaging technology that incorporates magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) soft tissue morphological imaging and positron emission tomography (PET) functional imaging.Simultaneous PET/MR detection was first demonstrated in 1997, however it took another 13 years, and new detector technologies, for clinical systems to become commercially available.
Monoclonal gammopathy	Monoclonal gammopathy, also known as paraproteinemia, is the presence of excessive amounts of myeloma protein or monoclonal gamma globulin in the blood.
Salmonella test negative	Salmonella test negative
Barrel chest	Barrel chest generally refers to a broad, deep chest found on a man.
Central nervous system injury	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Jaundice acholuric	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Coronary artery dissection	A spontaneous coronary artery dissection is a rare, sometimes fatal traumatic condition, with eighty percent of cases affecting women.
Stoma site erythema	Stoma site erythema
Swallow study	The swallows, martins and saw-wings, or Hirundinidae, are a family of passerine birds found around the world on all continents, including occasionally in Antarctica.
Lichen planopilaris	Lichen planus is a chronic inflammatory and immune mediated disease that affects the skin, nails, hair, and mucous membranes.
Familial tremor	Essential tremor (ET), also called benign tremor, familial tremor, and idiopathic tremor, is a medical condition characterized by involuntary rhythmic contractions and relaxations (oscillations or twitching movements) of certain muscle groups in one or more body parts of unknown cause.
Magnetic resonance elastography	Magnetic resonance elastography (MRE) is a non-invasive medical imaging technique that measures the stiffness of soft tissues by generating shear waves in tissue, imaging their propagation using MRI, and processing the images to generate a stiffness map (elastogram).
Barbiturates negative	A barbiturate is a drug that acts as a central nervous system depressant, and can therefore produce a wide range of effects, from mild sedation to death.
Ultrasound therapy	Therapeutic ultrasound refers generally to any type of ultrasonic procedure that uses ultrasound for therapeutic benefit.
Intrusive thoughts	An intrusive thought is an unwelcome involuntary thought, image, or unpleasant idea that may become an obsession, is upsetting or distressing, and can feel difficult to manage or eliminate.
Septum pellucidum agenesis	The septum pellucidum (Latin: translucent wall) is a thin, triangular, vertical double membrane separating the anterior horns of the left and right lateral ventricles of the brain.
Pregnancy with advanced maternal age	Pregnancy with advanced maternal age
Incision site discharge	Incision site discharge
Saliva analysis	Saliva is an extracellular fluid produced and secreted by salivary glands in the mouth.
Eyelid sensory disorder	Eyelid sensory disorder
Subacute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy	Subacute inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy
Uterine repair	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Housebound	Housebound is a 2014 New Zealand horror comedy film written, edited, and directed by Gerard Johnstone.
Familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as motor neurone disease (MND) or Lou Gehrig's disease, is a specific disease that causes the death of neurons controlling voluntary muscles.
Prealbumin	Transthyretin (TTR or TBPA) is a transport protein in the serum and cerebrospinal fluid that carries the thyroid hormone thyroxine (T4) and retinol-binding protein bound to retinol.
Ceruloplasmin	Ceruloplasmin (or caeruloplasmin) is a ferroxidase enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CP gene.Ceruloplasmin is the major copper-carrying protein in the blood, and in addition plays a role in iron metabolism.
Corneal operation	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Cytomegalovirus chorioretinitis	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
X-ray with contrast upper gastrointestinal tract abnormal	X-ray with contrast upper gastrointestinal tract abnormal
Metastases to the mediastinum	Metastases to the mediastinum
Post polio syndrome	Post-polio syndrome (PPS, poliomyelitis sequelae) are latent symptoms of poliomyelitis (polio), occurring at about a 25% to 40% rate (latest data greater than 80%).
VIIth nerve injury	VIIth nerve injury
Follicle centre lymphoma diffuse small cell lymphoma	Follicle centre lymphoma diffuse small cell lymphoma
Eosinophilic oesophagitis	Eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE, also spelled eosinophilic oesophagitis), also known as allergic oesophagitis, is an allergic inflammatory condition of the esophagus that involves eosinophils, a type of white blood cell.
Flavivirus test negative	Flavivirus test negative
Urine albumin/creatinine ratio increased	Urine albumin/creatinine ratio increased
Laryngeal operation	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Ocular retrobulbar haemorrhage	Ocular retrobulbar haemorrhage
Optic nerve infarction	The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II, or simply as CN II, is a paired cranial nerve that transmits visual information from the retina to the brain.
Upper respiratory tract endoscopy	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Kleihauer-Betke test positive	"The Kleihauer–Betke (""KB"") test, Kleihauer–Betke (""KB"") stain, Kleihauer test or Acid elution test, is a blood test used to measure the amount of fetal hemoglobin transferred from a fetus to a mother's bloodstream."
Postoperative adhesion	Postoperative adhesion
Hyperarousal	The fight-or-flight response (also called hyperarousal, or the acute stress response) is a physiological reaction that occurs in response to a perceived harmful event, attack, or threat to survival.
Resting tremor	A tremor is an involuntary, somewhat rhythmic, muscle contraction and relaxation involving oscillations or twitching movements of one or more body parts.
Dust allergy	Dust is made of fine particles of solid matter.
Lymph nodes scan abnormal	Lymph nodes scan abnormal
Haemangioma of liver	Haemangioma of liver
Hepatobiliary scan normal	Hepatobiliary scan normal
Victim of crime	Victimology is the study of victimization, including the psychological effects on victims, relationships between victims and offenders, the interactions between victims and the criminal justice system—that is, the police and courts, and corrections officials—and the connections between victims and other social groups and institutions, such as the media, businesses, and social movements.
Injection site joint infection	Injection site joint infection
Decompressive craniectomy	Decompressive craniectomy (crani- + -ectomy)  is a neurosurgical procedure in which part of the skull is removed to allow a swelling brain room to expand without being squeezed.
Skin operation	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
X-ray with contrast upper gastrointestinal tract normal	X-ray with contrast upper gastrointestinal tract normal
Removal of foreign body from rectum	Removal of foreign body from rectum
Ultrasound urinary system	Ultrasound urinary system
Orthopaedic examination normal	Orthopaedic examination normal
Joint prosthesis user	Joint prosthesis user
Menopausal symptoms	Menopause, also known as the climacteric, is the time in most women's lives when menstrual periods stop permanently, and they are no longer able to bear children.
Oesophagogastroduodenoscopy normal	Esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD; ), also called by various other names, is a diagnostic endoscopic procedure that visualizes the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract down to the duodenum.
Medical device pain	A medical device is any device intended to be used for medical purposes.
Spinal myelogram	Spinal myelogram
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene mutation	Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase gene mutation
Electrocochleogram	Electrocochleogram
Splint application	A splint is defined as “a rigid or flexible device that maintains in position a displaced or movable part; also used to keep in place and protect an injured part” or as “a rigid or flexible material used to protect, immobilize, or restrict motion in a part.” Splints can be used for injuries that are not severe enough to immobilize the entire injured structure of the body.
Squamous cell carcinoma of skin	Squamous cell carcinoma of skin
Lobular breast carcinoma in situ	Lobular breast carcinoma in situ
Mini mental status examination normal	Mini mental status examination normal
Immunosuppressant drug level	Immunosuppressive drugs or immunosuppressive agents or antirejection medications are drugs that inhibit or prevent activity of the immune system.
Gingival cyst	Gingival cyst is a type of cysts of the jaws that originates from the dental lamina and is found in the mouth parts.
Directional Doppler flow tests abnormal	Directional Doppler flow tests abnormal
Osteopenia	Osteopenia is a condition in which bone mineral density is lower than normal.
Latent syphilis	Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum.
Radical prostatectomy	"Prostatectomy (from the Greek προστάτης prostátēs, ""prostate"" and ἐκτομή ektomē, ""excision"") as a medical term refers to the surgical removal of all or part of the prostate gland."
Restrictive pulmonary disease	Restrictive lung diseases  are a category of extrapulmonary, pleural, or parenchymal respiratory diseases that restrict lung expansion, resulting in a decreased lung volume, an increased work of breathing, and inadequate ventilation and/or oxygenation.
Copper deficiency	Copper deficiency  is defined either as insufficient copper to meet the needs of the body, or as a serum copper level below the normal range.
X-ray dental	X-rays make up X-radiation, a form of high-energy electromagnetic radiation.
Skin dystrophy	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Fractured coccyx	Fractured coccyx
Plasma cells present	Plasma cells, also called plasma B cells, are white blood cells that originate in the bone marrow and secrete large quantities of proteins called antibodies in response to being presented specific substances called antigens.
Neutrophilic dermatosis	Neutrophils (also known as  neutrocytes) are the most abundant type of granulocytes and the most abundant (60% to 70%) type of white blood cells in most mammals.
Terminal insomnia	Insomnia, also known as sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which people have trouble sleeping.
Enamel anomaly	The enamel organ, also known as the dental organ, is a cellular aggregation seen in a developing tooth and it lies above the dental papilla.
Therapy naive	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Lumboperitoneal shunt	A lumbar–peritoneal shunt is a technique to channelise the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from the lumbar thecal sac into the peritoneal cavity.
Spleen scan normal	Spleen scan normal
Endoscopy large bowel	Endoscopy large bowel
Vertebral column mass	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
Haptoglobin normal	Haptoglobin (abbreviated as Hp) is the protein that in humans is encoded by the HP gene.
Malignant melanoma in situ	Malignant melanoma in situ
Eccentric fixation	Eccentric fixation
Yellow nail syndrome	"Yellow nail syndrome, also known as ""primary lymphedema associated with yellow nails and pleural effusion"", is a very rare medical syndrome that includes pleural effusions, lymphedema (due to under development of the lymphatic vessels) and yellow dystrophic nails."
Proctitis ulcerative	Proctitis is an inflammation of the anus and the lining of the rectum, affecting only the last 6 inches of the rectum.
Intra-uterine contraceptive device insertion	Intra-uterine contraceptive device insertion
Lung squamous cell carcinoma stage IV	Lung squamous cell carcinoma stage IV
Cardiovascular autonomic function test abnormal	Cardiovascular autonomic function test abnormal
Tilt table test normal	A tilt table test (TTT), occasionally called upright tilt testing (UTT), is a medical procedure often used to diagnose dysautonomia or syncope.
Dysthymic disorder	Persistent depressive disorder (PDD), formerly known as dysthymia, is a mood disorder consisting of the same cognitive and physical problems as depression, with less severe but longer-lasting symptoms.
LDL/HDL ratio	LDL/HDL ratio
White blood cells urine negative	White blood cells urine negative
Hepatobiliary scan abnormal	Hepatobiliary scan abnormal
Shortened cervix	Shortened cervix
Urinary hesitation	The urinary system, also known as the renal system or urinary tract, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
Ovarian granulosa cell tumour	Ovarian granulosa cell tumour
Eye complication associated with device	Eye complication associated with device
Endoscopic ultrasound	Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) or echo-endoscopy is a medical procedure in which endoscopy (insertion of a probe into a hollow organ) is combined with ultrasound to obtain images of the internal organs in the chest, abdomen and colon.
Gallbladder non-functioning	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Blood parathyroid hormone decreased	Blood parathyroid hormone decreased
Arterial catheterisation	An artery (plural arteries) (from Greek  ἀρτηρία (artēria), meaning 'windpipe, artery') is a blood vessel that takes blood  away from the heart to all parts of the body (tissues, lungs, etc.).
Tracheal deviation	Tracheal deviation is a clinical sign that results from unequal intrathoracic pressure within the chest cavity.
Pharyngeal exudate	Pharyngeal exudate
Neutralising antibodies	A neutralizing antibody (NAb) is an antibody that defends a cell from an antigen or infectious body by neutralizing any effect it has biologically.
Serum ferritin	Ferritin is a universal intracellular protein that stores iron and releases it in a controlled fashion.
Valsalva maneuver	The Valsalva maneuver is performed by moderately forceful attempted exhalation against a closed airway, usually done by closing one's mouth, pinching one's nose shut while pressing out as if blowing up a balloon.
Otoacoustic emissions test abnormal	Otoacoustic emissions test abnormal
Spinocerebellar ataxia	Spinocerebellar ataxia (SCA), progressive, degenerative, genetic disease with multiple types, each of which could be considered a neurological condition in its own right.
Endoscopy small intestine abnormal	Endoscopy small intestine abnormal
Endocarditis bacterial	Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart, the endocardium.
Sarcopenia	Sarcopenia is the degenerative loss of skeletal muscle mass, quality, and strength associated with aging.
Myxoedema	Myxedema is a term used synonymously with severe hypothyroidism.
Thyroxine	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Tubal rupture	"Tubal, (Hebrew: תובל or תבל‎ [tuˈbal]) in Genesis 10 (the ""Table of Nations""), was the name of a son of Japheth, son of Noah."
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging abdominal	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Mucosal ulceration	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Potassium hydroxide preparation positive	Potassium hydroxide preparation positive
Paragonimiasis	Paragonimiasis is a food-borne parasitic infection caused by the lung fluke, most commonly Paragonimus westermani.
Neck surgery	Otorhinolaryngology  (also called otolaryngology or otolaryngology–head and neck surgery) is a surgical subspecialty within medicine that deals with conditions of the ear, nose, and throat (ENT) and related structures of the head and neck.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging abdominal normal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging abdominal normal
Hypertensive heart disease	Hypertensive heart disease includes a number of complications of high blood pressure that affect the heart.
Tongue injury	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Patient restraint	A patient is any recipient of health care services.
Ventricular hypertrophy	Ventricular hypertrophy (VH) is thickening of the walls of a ventricle (lower chamber) of the heart.
Blood phosphorus abnormal	Blood phosphorus abnormal
Pachymeningitis	Pachymeningitis
Full blood count increased	A complete blood count (CBC) is a blood panel requested by a doctor or other medical professional that gives information about the cells in a patient's blood, such as the cell count for each blood cell type and the concentrations of hemoglobin.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase polymorphism	Methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) is the rate-limiting enzyme in the methyl cycle, and it is encoded by the MTHFR gene.
Insulin C-peptide normal	Insulin C-peptide normal
Histamine normal	Histamine is an organic nitrogenous compound involved in local immune responses, as well as regulating physiological function in the gut and acting as a neurotransmitter for the brain, spinal cord, and uterus.
Immunoelectrophoresis	Immunoelectrophoresis is a general name for a number of biochemical methods for separation and characterization of proteins based on electrophoresis and reaction with antibodies.
Serum ferritin increased	Ferritin is a universal intracellular protein that stores iron and releases it in a controlled fashion.
Spinal osteoarthritis	Spinal osteoarthritis
Infectious peritonitis	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal cord	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging spinal cord
Roseolovirus test positive	Roseolovirus test positive
Paracentesis eye abnormal	Paracentesis eye abnormal
Blood proinsulin decreased	Blood proinsulin decreased
Exocrine pancreatic function test abnormal	Exocrine pancreatic function test abnormal
Neurotrophic keratopathy	Neurotrophic factors (NTFs) are a family of biomolecules – nearly all of which are peptides or small proteins – that support the growth, survival, and differentiation of both developing and mature neurons.
Smear vaginal abnormal	Smear vaginal abnormal
Glucosylceramide	Glucocerebroside (also called glucosylceramide) is any of the cerebrosides in which the monosaccharide head group is glucose.
Whole body scan	Whole body scan
Ulcer haemorrhage	An ulcer is a discontinuity or break in a bodily membrane that impedes normal function of the affected organ.
Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma	Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma is a cancer of B cells, a type of white blood cell responsible for producing antibodies.
Pancreatic cyst	A pancreatic cyst is a fluid filled sac within the pancreas.
Electrocardiogram Q waves normal	Electrocardiogram Q waves normal
Vocal cord inflammation	The vocal cords, also known as vocal folds, are folds of tissue in the throat that are key in creating sounds through vocalization.
Inspiratory capacity decreased	Inspiratory capacity decreased
Peripheral nervous system function test normal	Peripheral nervous system function test normal
Hepatorenal failure	Hepatorenal failure
End-tidal CO2 increased	End-tidal CO2 increased
Porphyrins urine abnormal	Porphyrins urine abnormal
Lissencephaly	"Lissencephaly (meaning ""smooth brain"") is a set of rare brain disorders where the whole or parts of the surface of the brain appear smooth."
Treponema test	Treponema is a genus of spiral-shaped bacteria.
Thalassaemia alpha	Thalassemias are inherited blood disorders characterized by abnormal hemoglobin production.
Foetal heart rate disorder	Foetal heart rate disorder
CSF lactate dehydrogenase increased	CSF lactate dehydrogenase increased
Violence-related symptom	Violence-related symptom
Joint dislocation reduction	A joint dislocation, also called luxation, occurs when there is an abnormal separation in the joint, where two or more bones meet.
Histamine level increased	Histamine level increased
Diabetes mellitus management	Diabetes mellitus (DM), commonly known as diabetes, is a group of metabolic disorders characterized by a high blood sugar level over a prolonged period.
Fluorescent in situ hybridisation	Fluorescence in situ hybridization  (FISH) is a molecular cytogenetic technique that uses fluorescent probes that bind to only those parts of a nucleic acid sequence with a high degree of sequence complementarity.
PCO2 normal	"The pCO2, PCO2, 
  
    
      
        
          p
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle p_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
  or 
  
    
      
        
          P
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
   is the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (CO2), often used in reference to blood, but also used in oceanography to describe the partial pressure of CO2 in the ocean, and in life support systems engineering and underwater diving to describe the partial pressure in a breathing gas."
Blood insulin normal	Blood insulin normal
Cholesteatoma	Cholesteatoma is a destructive and expanding growth consisting of keratinizing squamous epithelium in the middle ear and/or mastoid process.
Excessive masturbation	Hypersexuality is extremely frequent or suddenly increased libido.
Selective mutism	Selective mutism (SM) is an anxiety disorder in which a person who is normally capable of speech cannot speak in specific situations or to specific people.
Staphylococcal identification test	Staphylococcal identification test
Carnitine decreased	Carnitine (β-hydroxy-γ-N-trimethylaminobutyric acid, 3-hydroxy-4-N,N,N-trimethylaminobutyrate) is a quaternary ammonium compound involved in metabolism in most mammals, plants, and some bacteria.
Parvovirus B19 serology negative	Parvovirus B19 serology negative
Oral dysaesthesia	Oral dysaesthesia
Neglect of personal appearance	Neglect of personal appearance
Red blood cell scan	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Carboxyhaemoglobin increased	Carboxyhemoglobin or carboxyhaemoglobin (symbol COHb or HbCO) is a stable complex of carbon monoxide and hemoglobin (Hb) that forms in red blood cells upon contact with carbon monoxide (CO).
Mucosal excoriation	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Serum serotonin decreased	Serum serotonin decreased
Mixed receptive-expressive language disorder	Mixed receptive-expressive language disorder (DSM-IV 315.32) is a communication disorder in which both the receptive and expressive areas of communication may be affected in any degree, from mild to severe.
Head circumference normal	In human anatomy, the head is at the top of the human body.
Cytomegalovirus colitis	Cytomegalovirus colitis, also known as CMV colitis, is an inflammation of the colon.
Oestriol	Estriol (E3), also spelled oestriol, is a steroid, a weak estrogen, and a minor female sex hormone.
Neonatal aspiration	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Urine leukocyte esterase positive	Urine leukocyte esterase positive
Fungus culture positive	Fungus culture positive
Von Willebrand's factor antigen normal	Von Willebrand's factor antigen normal
Immotile cilia syndrome	Primary ciliary dyskinesia (PCD), is a rare, ciliopathic, autosomal recessive genetic disorder that causes defects in the action of cilia lining the respiratory tract (lower and upper, sinuses, Eustachian tube, middle ear), fallopian tube, and flagellum of sperm cells.
Trisomy 8	Trisomy 8, also known as Warkany syndrome 2, is a human chromosomal disorder caused by having three copies (trisomy) of chromosome 8.
Bone density increased	Bone density, or bone mineral density (BMD), is the amount of bone mineral in bone tissue.
Obstetrical procedure	Obstetrics is the field of study concentrated on pregnancy, childbirth, and the postpartum period.
Lice infestation	Pediculosis is an infestation of lice (blood-feeding ectoparasitic insects of the order Phthiraptera).
Urine protein, quantitative	Urine protein, quantitative
Mallory-Weiss syndrome	Mallory–Weiss syndrome or gastro-esophageal laceration syndrome refers to bleeding from a laceration in the mucosa at the junction of the stomach and esophagus.
Urinary bladder rupture	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Drug level below therapeutic	Drug level below therapeutic
Red cell distribution width increased	Red cell distribution width increased
Vaginal burning sensation	Vaginal burning sensation
Substance abuse	Substance abuse, also known as drug abuse, is a patterned use of a drug in which the user consumes the substance in amounts or with methods which are harmful to themselves or others, and is a form of substance-related disorder.
Whiplash injury	Whiplash  is a non-medical term describing a range of injuries to the neck caused by or related to a sudden distortion of the neck associated with extension, although the exact injury mechanisms remain unknown.
Intelligence test	An intelligence quotient (IQ) is a total score derived from several standardized tests designed to assess human intelligence.
Tracheomalacia	Tracheomalacia is a condition or incident where the cartilage that keeps the airway (trachea) open is soft such that the trachea partly collapses especially during increased airflow.
Nasal odour	Nasal odour
Intervertebral disc displacement	Spinal disc herniation is an injury to the cushioning and connective tissue between vertebrae, usually caused by excessive strain or trauma to the spine.
Protein bound iodine increased	Protein bound iodine increased
Nephroblastoma	Wilms' tumor, also known as nephroblastoma, is a cancer of the kidneys that typically occurs in children, rarely in adults.
Cystic fibrosis lung	Cystic fibrosis (CF) is a genetic disorder that affects mostly the lungs, but also the pancreas, liver, kidneys, and intestine.
Diphtheria toxin antibody absent	Diphtheria toxin antibody absent
Langerhans' cell granulomatosis	Not to be confused with the cells of the islets of Langerhans, found in the pancreas, or Langhans giant cell.
Hyperphosphataemia	Hyperphosphatemia is an electrolyte disorder in which there is an elevated level of phosphate in the blood.
Thymus hypertrophy	The thymus is a specialized primary lymphoid organ of the immune system.
Leukaemoid reaction	"The term leukemoid reaction describes an increased
white blood cell count, or leukocytosis, which is a physiological response to stress or infection (as opposed to a primary blood malignancy, such as leukemia)."
Rehabilitation therapy	Rehabilitation therapy
Hypertensive encephalopathy	Hypertensive encephalopathy (HE) is general brain dysfunction due to significantly high blood pressure.
Uterine enlargement	Uterine hyperplasia, or enlarged uterus, is a medical symptom in which the volume and size of the uterus in a female is abnormally high.
Renal tubular disorder	"The nephron (from Greek νεφρός – nephros, meaning ""kidney"") is the microscopic structural and functional unit of the kidney."
Osteoporotic fracture	A pathologic fracture is a bone fracture caused by weakness of the bone structure that leads to decrease mechanical resistance to normal mechanical loads.
Special senses congenital anomaly	Special senses congenital anomaly
Renal atrophy	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Sicca syndrome	Sjögren syndrome (SjS, SS) is a long-term autoimmune disease that affects the body's moisture-producing glands.
Poliovirus serology	Poliovirus, the causative agent of polio (also known as poliomyelitis), is a member virus of Enterovirus C, in the family of Picornaviridae.Poliovirus is composed of an RNA genome and a protein capsid.
Nail pitting	Nail pitting
Free thyroxine index	Thyroid function tests (TFTs) is a collective term for blood tests used to check the function of the thyroid.TFTs may be requested if a patient is thought to suffer from hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) or hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), or to monitor the effectiveness of either thyroid-suppression or hormone replacement therapy.
Scintigraphy	"Scintigraphy (from Latin scintilla, ""spark""), also known as a Gamma scan, is a diagnostic test in nuclear medicine, where radioisotopes attached to drugs that travel to a specific organ or tissue (radiopharmaceuticals) are taken internally and the emitted gamma radiation is captured by external detectors (gamma cameras) to form two-dimensional images in a similar process to the capture of x-ray images."
Glasgow coma scale normal	The Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) is a neurological scale which aims to give a reliable and objective way of recording the state of a person's consciousness for initial as well as subsequent assessment.
Hepatitis B virus	Hepatitis B virus, abbreviated HBV, is a partially double-stranded DNA virus, a species of the genus Orthohepadnavirus and a member of the Hepadnaviridae family of viruses.
Merycism	Rumination syndrome, or merycism, is a chronic motility disorder characterized by effortless regurgitation of most meals following consumption, due to the involuntary contraction of the muscles around the abdomen.
Peritoneal lavage	Diagnostic peritoneal lavage (DPL) or diagnostic peritoneal aspiration (DPA) is a surgical diagnostic procedure to determine if there is free floating fluid (most often blood) in the abdominal cavity.
Porphyrins urine	Porphyrins ( POR-fər-in) are a group of heterocyclic macrocycle organic compounds, composed of four modified pyrrole subunits interconnected at their α carbon atoms via methine bridges (=CH−).
Intestinal mucosal atrophy	Intestinal mucosal atrophy
Crystal urine	A crystal or crystalline solid is a solid material whose constituents (such as atoms, molecules, or ions) are arranged in a highly ordered microscopic structure, forming a crystal lattice that extends in all directions.
Vasculitis necrotising	Vasculitis is a group of disorders that destroy blood vessels by inflammation.
Blood cholinesterase normal	Blood cholinesterase normal
MELAS syndrome	Mitochondrial encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS) is one of the family of mitochondrial cytopathies, which also include MERRF, and Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy.
Kidney fibrosis	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Schellong test	Schellong test
Optic nerve glioma	Optic nerve glioma (or optic glioma), a form of glioma which affects the optic nerve, is often one of the central nervous system manifestations of neurofibromatosis 1.Optic gliomas are usually pilocytic tumors, and can involve the optic nerve or optic chiasm.
pH urine normal	pH urine normal
Carbohydrate antigen 15-3	Carbohydrate antigen 15-3
Virus stool test negative	Virus stool test negative
Lactose tolerance test abnormal	Lactose intolerance is a condition in which people have symptoms due to the decreased ability to digest lactose, a sugar found in dairy products.
Urodynamics measurement	Urodynamic testing or urodynamics is a study that assesses how the bladder and urethra are performing their job of storing and releasing urine.
Synoviorthesis	Synovectomy is a procedure where the synovial tissue surrounding a joint is removed.
Sweat test	The sweat test measures the concentration of chloride that is excreted in sweat.
Pericardiotomy	"A pericardial window is a cardiac surgical procedure to create a fistula – or ""window"" – from the pericardial space to the pleural cavity."
Pulmonary renal syndrome	Pulmonary-renal syndrome (PRS) is a rare medical syndrome in which respiratory failure involving bleeding in the lungs and kidney failure (glomerulonephritis) occur.
Epiglottic erythema	Epiglottic erythema
Enterocutaneous fistula	An enterocutaneous fistula (ECF) is an abnormal communication between the small or large bowel and the skin that allows the contents of the stomach or intestines to leak through an opening in the skin.
Tenotomy	A tenotomy is a surgical act which involves the division of a tendon.
Ideas of reference	Ideas of reference and delusions of reference describe the phenomenon of an individual experiencing innocuous events or mere coincidences and believing they have strong personal significance.
Brucella serology negative	Brucella serology negative
Febrile bone marrow aplasia	Febrile bone marrow aplasia
Koilonychia	Koilonychia, also known as spoon nails, is a nail disease that can be a sign of hypochromic anemia, especially  iron-deficiency anemia.
Viral load increased	Viral load, also known as viral burden, viral titre or viral titer, is a numerical expression of the quantity of virus in a given volume.
Multiple-drug resistance	Multiple-drug resistance
Rhinoplasty	Rhinoplasty (ῥίς rhis, nose + πλάσσειν plassein, to shape), commonly known as a nose job, is a plastic surgery procedure for correcting and reconstructing the nose.
Erythrasma	Erythrasma is a superficial skin infection that causes brown, scaly skin patches.
Corona virus infection	Coronaviruses are species of virus belonging to the subfamily Coronavirinae in the family Coronaviridae, in the order Nidovirales.
Cranioplasty	Cranioplasty is a surgical repair of a defect or deformity of a skull.
Bladder catheter removal	In urinary catheterization a latex, polyurethane, or silicone tube known as a urinary catheter is inserted into a patient's bladder via the urethra.
Lymphocyte transformation test	Lymphocyte transformation test
Gastrointestinal examination abnormal	Gastrointestinal examination abnormal
Insulin tolerance test abnormal	An insulin tolerance test (ITT) is a medical diagnostic procedure during which insulin is injected into a patient's vein, after which blood glucose is measured at regular intervals.
Hepatic infection	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Oesophageal manometry	An esophageal motility study (EMS) or esophageal manometry is a test to assess motor function of the upper esophageal sphincter (UES), esophageal body and lower esophageal sphincter (LES).
Hyperlipasaemia	Hyperlipasaemia
Postoperative wound complication	Postoperative wound complication
Pyomyositis	Pyomyositis, is a bacterial infection of the skeletal muscles which results in an abscess.
Ultrasound ovary abnormal	Ultrasound ovary abnormal
Blood follicle stimulating hormone abnormal	Blood follicle stimulating hormone abnormal
Spasmodic dysphonia	Spasmodic dysphonia, also known as laryngeal dystonia, is a disorder in which the muscles that generate a person's voice go into periods of spasm.
Lip operation	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
CSF monocyte count negative	CSF monocyte count negative
Uterine mass	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Congenital coronary artery malformation	Congenital coronary artery malformation
Neutrophil function disorder	Neutrophil function disorder
Mendelson's syndrome	Mendelson's syndrome is chemical pneumonitis or aspiration pneumonitis caused by aspiration during anaesthesia, especially during pregnancy.
Fructose	Fructose, or fruit sugar, is a simple ketonic monosaccharide found in many plants, where it is often bonded to glucose to form the disaccharide sucrose.
Ovarian cancer stage III	Ovarian cancer stage III
Paracentesis ear	"Paracentesis (from Greek κεντάω, ""to pierce"") is a form of body fluid sampling procedure, generally referring to peritoneocentesis (also called laparocentesis or abdominal paracentesis) in which the peritoneal cavity is punctured by a needle to sample peritoneal fluid.The procedure is used to remove fluid from the peritoneal cavity, particularly if this cannot be achieved with medication."
Salpingo-oophorectomy bilateral	In medicine, salpingoophorectomy is the removal of an ovary and its Fallopian tube.
Coagulation factor XII level increased	Coagulation factor XII level increased
Metastases to ovary	Metastases to ovary
Rhabdomyoma	A rhabdomyoma is a benign tumor of striated muscle.
Mean cell haemoglobin concentration	The mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) is a measure of the concentration of haemoglobin in a given volume of packed red blood cell.
Retinal operation	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Myoglobinaemia	Myoglobinaemia
Congenital generalised lipodystrophy	Congenital generalised lipodystrophy
Hepatic cancer	Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the most common type of primary liver cancer in adults, and is the most common cause of death in people with cirrhosis.It occurs in the setting of chronic liver inflammation, and is most closely linked to chronic viral hepatitis infection (hepatitis B or C) or exposure to toxins such as alcohol or aflatoxin.
Lipid metabolism disorder	Lipid metabolism is the synthesis and degradation of lipids in cells, involving the breakdown or storage of fats for energy and the synthesis of structural and functional lipids, such as those involved in the construction of cell membranes.
Intestinal mucosal hypertrophy	Intestinal mucosal hypertrophy
Hemisensory neglect	Hemisensory neglect
Haemorrhoidal haemorrhage	Hemorrhoids, also called piles, are vascular structures in the anal canal.
Oesophagogastroscopy normal	Oesophagogastroscopy normal
Peripheral pulse decreased	Peripheral pulse decreased
Blood pH abnormal	Acid–base homeostasis is the homeostatic regulation of the pH of the body's extracellular fluid (ECF).
Ileal ulcer	The ileum  is the final section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
Hydrothorax	Hydrothorax is a type of pleural effusion in which transudate accumulates in the pleural cavity.
Cortisol free urine	Cortisol free urine
Rinne tuning fork test abnormal	Rinne tuning fork test abnormal
Perfume sensitivity	Perfume (UK: , US: ; French: parfum) is a mixture of fragrant essential oils or aroma compounds, fixatives and solvents, used to give the human body, animals, food, objects, and living-spaces an agreeable scent.
Labile blood pressure	Labile blood pressure
Glossoptosis	Glossoptosis is a medical condition and abnormality which involves the downward displacement or retraction of the tongue.
Subvalvular aortic stenosis	Canine subvalvular aortic stenosis (SAS) is an abnormal, congenital heart murmur caused by subaortic stenosis (SAS).
Blood chromium	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Blood methaemoglobin present	Blood methaemoglobin present
Platelet destruction increased	Platelet destruction increased
Prothrombin level	Thrombin (EC 3.4.21.5, fibrinogenase, thrombase, thrombofort, topical, thrombin-C, tropostasin, activated blood-coagulation factor II, blood-coagulation factor IIa, factor IIa, E thrombin, beta-thrombin, gamma-thrombin) is a serine protease, an enzyme that, in humans, is encoded by the F2 gene.
Corneal light reflex test normal	Corneal light reflex test normal
Stomatitis haemorrhagic	Stomatitis is inflammation of the mouth and lips.
Seborrhoeic keratosis	A seborrheic keratosis is a non-cancerous (benign) skin tumour that originates from cells in the outer layer of the skin.
Subdural hygroma	A subdural hygroma is a collection of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), without blood, located under the dural membrane.
Nulliparous	In biology and human medicine, gravidity and parity are the number of times a female is or has been pregnant (gravidity) and carried the pregnancies to a viable gestational age (parity).
Reticulocytopenia	Reticulocytopenia, is the medical term for an abnormal decrease of reticulocytes in the body.
Blood aldosterone decreased	Blood aldosterone decreased
Diverticulum intestinal	A diverticulum is the medical or biological term for an outpouching of a hollow (or a fluid-filled) structure in the body.
Orthostatic heart rate response increased	Orthostatic heart rate response increased
Internal fixation of fracture	Internal fixation of fracture
Preictal state	Preictal state
Phytotherapy	Herbal medicine (also herbalism) is the study of the botany and use of medicinal plants.
Coagulation factor V level decreased	Coagulation factor V level decreased
Thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin	Graves' disease, also known as toxic diffuse goiter, is an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid.
Liver dialysis	Liver dialysis is a detoxification treatment for liver failure and has shown promise for patients with hepatorenal syndrome.
Microvillous inclusion disease	Microvillus inclusion disease, also known as Davidson's disease, congenital microvillus atrophy and, less specifically, microvillus atrophy (note: microvillus is often misspelled as microvillous), is a rare genetic disorder of the small intestine that is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern.
Soliloquy	"A soliloquy (, from Latin solo ""to oneself"" + loquor ""I talk"") is a device often used in drama when a character speaks to themselves, relating thoughts and feelings, thereby also sharing them with the audience, giving the illusion of unspoken reflections."
Erythroblast count	All vertebrate organisms have hemoglobin-containing cells in their blood, and with the exception of mammals, all of these red blood cells contain a nucleus.
Traumatic haematoma	Traumatic haematoma
Peripheral venous disease	Peripheral venous disease
Haemangioma of bone	Haemangioma of bone
Gitelman's syndrome	Gitelman's syndrome
Pneumocystis test positive	Pneumocystis test positive
Chronic allograft nephropathy	Chronic allograft nephropathy (CAN) is the leading cause of kidney transplant failure and happens month to years after the transplant.
Pseudobulbar palsy	Pseudobulbar palsy is a medical condition characterized by the inability to control facial movements (such as chewing and speaking) and caused by a variety of neurological disorders.
Libido disorder	Libido (; colloquial: sex drive) is a person's overall sexual drive or desire for sexual activity.
Thrombocytopenia neonatal	Thrombocytopenia is a condition characterized by abnormally low levels of thrombocytes, also known as platelets, in the blood.A normal human platelet count ranges from 150,000 to 450,000 platelets per microliter of blood.
Blood catecholamines decreased	Blood catecholamines decreased
Thoracic cavity drainage	The thoracic cavity (or chest cavity) is the chamber of the body of vertebrates that is protected by the thoracic wall (rib cage and associated skin, muscle, and fascia).
Progressive multiple sclerosis	Progressive multiple sclerosis
Larynx irritation	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Oestradiol	Estradiol (E2), also spelled oestradiol, is an estrogen steroid hormone and the major female sex hormone.
Rash neonatal	A rash is a change of the human skin which affects its color, appearance, or texture.
Colour vision tests abnormal red-green	Colour vision tests abnormal red-green
Rickettsiosis	A rickettsiosis is a disease caused by intracellular bacteria.
Autoimmune nephritis	Autoimmunity is the system of immune responses of an organism against its own healthy cells and tissues.
Macular pigmentation	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Spinal cord infection	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis	Autoimmune hypophysitis is defined as inflammation of the pituitary gland due to autoimmunity.
Optic disc drusen	Optic disc drusen (ODD)  are globules of mucoproteins and mucopolysaccharides that progressively calcify in the optic disc.
Urinary straining	The urinary system, also known as the renal system or urinary tract, consists of the kidneys, ureters, bladder, and the urethra.
Dermatopathic lymphadenopathy	In pathology, dermatopathic lymphadenopathy,  is lymph node pathology due to skin disease.
Radioisotope scan abnormal	Positron-emission tomography (PET) is a nuclear medicine functional imaging technique that is used to observe metabolic processes in the body as an aid to the diagnosis of disease.
Ergotherapy	Occupational therapy (OT) is the use of assessment and intervention to develop, recover, or maintain the meaningful activities, or occupations, of individuals, groups, or communities.
Haemoglobin urine absent	Haemoglobin urine absent
Optic disc hyperaemia	The optic disc or optic nerve head is the point of exit for ganglion cell axons leaving the eye.
Romberg test	Romberg's test, Romberg's sign, or the Romberg maneuver is a test used in an exam of neurological function for balance, and also as a test for driving under the influence of an intoxicant.
Limbic encephalitis	Limbic encephalitis is a form of encephalitis, a disease characterized by inflammation of the brain.
Stertor	A stertor is a respiratory sound characterized by heavy snoring or gasping.
Dopamine transporter scintigraphy abnormal	Dopamine transporter scintigraphy abnormal
Coagulation factor IX level increased	Coagulation factor IX level increased
Meningitis echo viral	Meningitis echo viral
Forced expiratory volume decreased	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Gastroduodenitis	Gastroduodenitis
Antiribosomal P antibody	Antiribosomal P antibody
Hepatitis chronic active	Hepatitis chronic active
Water deprivation test	A fluid or water deprivation test is a medical test which can be used to determine whether the patient has diabetes insipidus as opposed to other causes of polydipsia (a condition of excessive thirst that causes an excessive intake of water).
Vocal cord paresis	Vocal fold paresis, also known as recurrent laryngeal nerve paralysis or vocal fold paralysis, is an injury to one or both recurrent laryngeal nerves (RLNs), which control all muscles of the larynx except for the cricothyroid muscle.
Hypochromasia	Hypochromic anemia is a generic term for any type of anemia in which the red blood cells are paler than normal.
Post procedural infection	Post procedural infection
Single photon emission computerised tomogram normal	Single photon emission computerised tomogram normal
Engraft failure	Engraft failure
Perianal erythema	"The anus (from Latin anus meaning ""ring"", ""circle"") is an opening at the opposite end of an animal's digestive tract from the mouth."
Vaccine associated paralytic poliomyelitis	Vaccine associated paralytic poliomyelitis
Pituitary-dependent Cushing's syndrome	Pituitary-dependent Cushing's syndrome
Skin culture positive	Skin grafting is a type of graft surgery involving the transplantation of skin.
Eyelid skin dryness	Eyelid skin dryness
Phimosis	Phimosis is a condition in which the foreskin of the penis cannot be pulled back past the glans.
PCO2	"The pCO2, PCO2, 
  
    
      
        
          p
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle p_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
  or 
  
    
      
        
          P
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
   is the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (CO2), often used in reference to blood, but also used in oceanography to describe the partial pressure of CO2 in the ocean, and in life support systems engineering and underwater diving to describe the partial pressure in a breathing gas."
Procalcitonin normal	Procalcitonin (PCT) is a peptide precursor of the hormone calcitonin, the latter being involved with calcium homeostasis.
Ischaemic cardiomyopathy	Ischemic cardiomyopathy is a type of cardiomyopathy caused by a narrowing of the coronary arteries which supply blood to the heart.
Psychomotor disadaptation syndrome	Psychomotor disadaptation syndrome
Pulmonary calcification	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Cardiac murmur functional	Heart murmurs are heart sounds produced when blood is pumped across a heart valve and creates a sound loud enough to be heard with a stethoscope.
Mucocutaneous candidiasis	A mucocutaneous junction, or mucocutaneous boundary, is a region of the body in which mucosa transitions to skin.
Hepatitis E antibody negative	Hepatitis E antibody negative
Posterior capsule opacification	Posterior capsule opacification
Neovascularisation	Neovascularization is the natural formation of new blood vessels (neo- + vascular + -ization), usually in the form of functional microvascular networks, capable of perfusion by red blood cells, that form to serve as collateral circulation in response to local poor perfusion or ischemia.
Prolapse	In medicine, prolapse is a condition where organs fall down or slip out of place.
External ear cellulitis	The outer ear, external ear, or auris externa is the external portion of the ear, which consists of the auricle (also pinna) and the ear canal .
Nutritional condition abnormal	Nutritional condition abnormal
Porcelain gallbladder	Porcelain gallbladder is a calcification of the gallbladder believed to be brought on by excessive gallstones, although the exact cause is not clear.
Steroid therapy	A steroid is a biologically active organic compound with four rings arranged in a specific molecular configuration.
Ultrasound breast normal	Ultrasound breast normal
Urinary tract procedural complication	Urinary tract procedural complication
Renal cancer	Kidney cancer, also known as renal cancer, is a group of cancers that starts in the kidney.
Punctate keratitis	Punctate epithelial erosions is a pathology affecting the cornea.
Tendon discomfort	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Jaw operation	The jaw is any opposable articulated structure at the entrance of the mouth, typically used for grasping and manipulating food.
Loose body in joint	Loose body in joint
Vaginal cancer	Vaginal cancer is a malignant tumor that forms in the tissues of the vagina.
Glucose tolerance increased	Prediabetes is the precursor stage before diabetes mellitus in which not all of the symptoms required to diagnose diabetes are present, but blood sugar is abnormally high.
Gastrointestinal bacterial overgrowth	Gastrointestinal bacterial overgrowth
Inner ear inflammation	The inner ear (internal ear, auris interna) is the innermost part of the vertebrate ear.
Tinea cruris	Tinea cruris is a dermatophyte, a type of fungal infection of the groin region in either sex, though more often seen in males.
Viral keratouveitis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Ventricular drainage	An external ventricular drain (EVD), also known as a ventriculostomy or extraventricular drain, is a device used in neurosurgery to treat hydrocephalus and relieve elevated intracranial pressure when the normal flow of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) inside the brain is obstructed.
Multipathogen PCR test positive	Multipathogen PCR test positive
Lumbosacral radiculopathy	Sciatica is a health condition characterized by pain going down the leg from the lower back.
Uterine inversion	Uterine inversion is when the uterus turns inside out, usually following childbirth.
Injection site telangiectasia	Injection site telangiectasia
Fibrin D dimer decreased	Fibrin D dimer decreased
Renal scan abnormal	Renal scan abnormal
Choroidal neovascularisation	Choroidal neovascularization (CNV) is the creation of new blood vessels in the choroid layer of the eye.
Iron binding capacity total normal	Iron binding capacity total normal
Tissue injury	In biology, tissue is a cellular organisational level between cells and a complete organ.
Peak nasal inspiratory flow abnormal	Peak nasal inspiratory flow abnormal
Medical device implantation	A medical device is any device intended to be used for medical purposes.
Traumatic lung injury	A chest injury, also known as chest trauma, is any form of physical injury to the chest including the ribs, heart and lungs.
Spinal column stenosis	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide	N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide
Ulna fracture	An ulna fracture is a break of the ulna bone in the forearm.
Lennox-Gastaut syndrome	Lennox–Gastaut syndrome (LGS) is a complex, rare, and severe childhood-onset epilepsy.
Small intestine adenocarcinoma	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Waist circumference decreased	The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips.
Large intestine anastomosis	The large intestine, also known as the large bowel, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates.
Dehydroepiandrosterone decreased	Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), also known as androstenolone, is an endogenous steroid hormone.
HLA-B*27 assay	HLA-B*27 assay
Tonsillar erythema	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Sternal injury	The sternum or breastbone is a long flat bone located in the central part of the chest.
Coxiella test	Coxiella refers to a genus of Gram-negative bacteria in the family Coxiellaceae.
Electrocardiogram Q wave abnormal	Electrocardiogram Q wave abnormal
Hepatitis C core antibody negative	Hepatitis C core antibody negative
Hepatitis C virus test positive	Hepatitis C virus test positive
Ebstein's anomaly	Ebstein's anomaly is a congenital heart defect in which the septal and posterior leaflets of the tricuspid valve are displaced towards the apex of the right ventricle of the heart.
Venogram normal	Venography (also called phlebography or ascending phlebography) is a procedure in which an x-ray of the veins, a venogram, is taken after a special dye is injected into the bone marrow or veins.
Toxoplasma serology negative	Toxoplasma serology negative
Schizotypal personality disorder	Schizotypal personality disorder (STPD), or schizotypal disorder, is a mental disorder characterized by severe social anxiety, thought disorder, paranoid ideation, derealization, transient psychosis and often unconventional beliefs.
Extremity necrosis	A limb (from the Old English lim), or extremity, is a jointed, or prehensile, appendage of the human or other animal body.
High density lipoprotein normal	High-density lipoprotein (HDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoproteins.
Micrognathia	Micrognathism is a condition where the jaw is undersized.
Irregular sleep phase	Irregular sleep phase
Stenosis	"A stenosis (from Ancient Greek στενός, ""narrow"") is an abnormal narrowing in a blood vessel or other tubular organ or structure."
Goodpasture's syndrome	Goodpasture syndrome (GPS), also known as anti-glomerular basement membrane disease,  is a rare autoimmune disease in which antibodies attack the basement membrane in lungs and kidneys, leading to bleeding from the lungs and kidney failure.
Sucrose intolerance	Sucrose intolerance or genetic sucrase-isomaltase deficiency (GSID) is the condition in which sucrase-isomaltase, an enzyme needed for proper metabolism of sucrose (sugar) and starch (e.g., grains), is not produced or the enzyme produced is either partially functional or non-functional in the small intestine.
Peripancreatic fluid collection	Peripancreatic fluid collection
Blood oestrogen normal	Blood oestrogen normal
Viral load undetectable	Viral load, also known as viral burden, viral titre or viral titer, is a numerical expression of the quantity of virus in a given volume.
Ventricular hypokinesia	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Marcus Gunn syndrome	Robert Marcus Gunn (1850, Dunnet – 29 November 1909, Hindhead) was a Scottish ophthalmologist remembered for Gunn's sign and the Marcus Gunn pupil.
Sexual transmission of infection	Sexual transmission of infection
Fluorescent in situ hybridisation negative	Fluorescence in situ hybridization  (FISH) is a molecular cytogenetic technique that uses fluorescent probes that bind to only those parts of a nucleic acid sequence with a high degree of sequence complementarity.
Human herpes virus 6 serology	Human herpesvirus 6 (HHV-6) is the common collective name for Human betaherpesvirus 6A (HHV-6A) and Human betaherpesvirus 6B (HHV-6B).
Mitogen stimulation test	Mitogen stimulation test
Natural killer cell count increased	Natural killer cell count increased
Incision site pruritus	Incision site pruritus
Vascular graft complication	A vascular bypass is a surgical procedure performed to redirect blood flow from one area to another by reconnecting blood vessels.
Personality change due to a general medical condition	Personality change due to a general medical condition
Hyper IgD syndrome	Mevalonate kinase deficiency (MKD), is an autosomal recessive  metabolic disorder that disrupts the biosynthesis of cholesterol and isoprenoids.It is characterized by an elevated level of immunoglobin D in the blood.
Forced vital capacity	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Specific gravity urine increased	Specific gravity urine increased
pH body fluid normal	pH body fluid normal
Oesophageal motility test	Oesophageal motility test
Electrocardiogram P wave normal	Electrocardiogram P wave normal
Sternitis	Sternitis
Herpes simplex oesophagitis	Herpes simplex is a viral infection caused by the herpes simplex virus.
Tri-iodothyronine	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Metastases to lymph nodes	Metastases to lymph nodes
Catecholamines urine	A catecholamine (; abbreviated CA) is a monoamine neurotransmitter, an organic compound that has a catechol (benzene with two hydroxyl side groups next to each other) and a side-chain amine.Catechol can be either a free molecule or a substituent of a larger molecule, where it represents a 1,2-dihydroxybenzene group.
Presbyopia	Presbyopia is a condition associated with the aging of the eye that results in progressively worsening ability to focus clearly on close objects.
Weight loss diet	Dieting is the practice of eating food in a regulated and supervised fashion to decrease, maintain, or increase body weight, or to prevent and treat diseases, such as diabetes and obesity.
Chondrolysis	Chondrolysis [ICD Code M94.3] refers to the process of breakdown of cartilage.
Waist circumference increased	The waist is the part of the abdomen between the rib cage and hips.
Blood growth hormone normal	Blood growth hormone normal
Pylorospasm	Pylorospasm
Ultrasound bladder normal	Ultrasound bladder normal
CSF lactate dehydrogenase normal	CSF lactate dehydrogenase normal
Red blood cells urine negative	Red blood cells urine negative
Metastases to meninges	Metastases to meninges
Lacrimal haemorrhage	Lacrimal haemorrhage
Protein albumin ratio normal	Protein albumin ratio normal
Intraocular lens implant	Intraocular lens (IOL) is a lens implanted in the eye as part of a treatment for cataracts or myopia.
Brucella test	Brucella is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria, named after David Bruce (1855–1931).
Biopsy pleura	A biopsy is a medical test commonly performed by a surgeon, interventional radiologist, or an interventional cardiologist involving extraction of sample cells or tissues for examination to determine the presence or extent of a disease.
Blood acid phosphatase	Blood acid phosphatase
Oesophagogastric fundoplasty	Oesophagogastric fundoplasty
Urine ketone body	Urine ketone body
Vitamin B1 deficiency	Thiamine, also known as thiamin or vitamin B1, is a vitamin found in food, and manufactured as a dietary supplement and medication.
Lip infection	Lips are a visible body part at the mouth of many animals, including humans.
Synovial fluid analysis normal	Synovial fluid analysis normal
Cross sensitivity reaction	Cross sensitivity reaction
Pelvic fluid collection	Pelvic fluid collection
Red blood cell burr cells present	Red blood cell burr cells present
Viral myositis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Skin maceration	Maceration is defined as the softening and breaking down of skin resulting from prolonged exposure to moisture.
Diabetic eye disease	Diabetic eye disease
Occupational exposure to drug	Occupational exposure to drug
Syphilis test negative	Syphilis is a sexually transmitted infection caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum.
Growth of eyelashes	Growth of eyelashes
Facetectomy	Facetectomy is a surgical procedure which involves decompression of a spinal nerve root.
Intracardiac thrombus	Intracardiac injections are injections that are given directly into the heart muscles or ventricles.
Urine aluminium increased	Urine aluminium increased
Social phobia	Social anxiety disorder (SAD), also known as social phobia, is an anxiety disorder characterized by a significant amount of fear in one or more social situations, causing considerable distress and impaired ability to function in at least some parts of daily life.
Vocal cord polyp	Vocal cord nodules  are bilaterally symmetrical benign white masses that form at the midpoint of the vocal folds.
Vaginal abscess	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Metamyelocyte count increased	Metamyelocyte count increased
Vascular imaging	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Nematodiasis	Nematodiasis
Pelvic pouch procedure	Pelvic pouch procedure
Poor personal hygiene	Poor personal hygiene
Thyroglossal cyst	A thyroglossal cyst is a fibrous cyst that forms from a persistent thyroglossal duct.
Vascular test	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Funisitis	Funisitis is inflammation of the connective tissue of the umbilical cord that occurs with chorioamionitis.
Viral pericarditis	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Pregnancy with young maternal age	Pregnancy with young maternal age
Menstrual discomfort	Menstruation, also known as a period or monthly, is the regular discharge of blood and mucosal tissue (known as menses) from the inner lining of the uterus through the vagina.
Parotid duct obstruction	The parotid duct or Stensen duct is a duct and the route that saliva takes from the major salivary gland, the parotid gland into the mouth.
Toxoplasma serology positive	Toxoplasma serology positive
Coeliac artery stenosis	The coeliac () artery, also known as the coeliac trunk, or truncus coeliacus, is the first major branch of the abdominal aorta.
Urine potassium increased	Urine potassium increased
Postoperative ileus	Ileus is a disruption of the normal propulsive ability of the intestine due to the malfunction of peristalsis.
JC virus infection	Human polyomavirus 2, commonly referred to as the JC virus or John Cunningham virus, is a type of human polyomavirus (formerly known as papovavirus).
Retinal degeneration	Retinal degeneration
Pseudomononucleosis	Pseudomononucleosis
Vital capacity	Vital capacity (VC) is the maximum amount of air a person can expel from the lungs after a maximum inhalation.
Brain natriuretic peptide decreased	Brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), also known as B-type natriuretic peptide, is a hormone secreted by cardiomyocytes in the heart ventricles in response to stretching caused by increased ventricular blood volume.
Enterovirus serology test	Enterovirus serology test
Helicobacter pylori identification test	Helicobacter pylori identification test
Psychopathic personality	Psychopathy is traditionally a personality disorder characterized by persistent antisocial behavior, impaired empathy and remorse, and bold, disinhibited, and egotistical traits.
Precocious puberty	In medicine, precocious puberty is puberty occurring at an unusually early age.
Spherocytic anaemia	Spherocytic anaemia
Cardiac asthma	Cardiac asthma is a medical diagnosis of wheezing, coughing or shortness of breath due to congestive heart failure.
Primary transmission	Primary transmission
Intestinal infarction	Bowel infarction or gangrenous bowel represents an irreversible injury to the intestine resulting from insufficient blood flow.
Nodal arrhythmia	Nodal arrhythmia
Water intoxication	Water intoxication, also known as water poisoning, hyperhydration, overhydration, or water toxemia, is a potentially fatal disturbance in brain functions that results when the normal balance of electrolytes in the body is pushed outside safe limits by excessive water intake.
Porphyrinuria	Porphyrinuria
Uterine hypotonus	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Syndactyly	Syndactyly is a condition wherein two or more digits are fused together.
Enlarged clitoris	Enlarged clitoris
Insulin-requiring type II diabetes mellitus	Insulin-requiring type II diabetes mellitus
Heart sounds normal	Heart sounds are the noises generated by the beating heart and the resultant flow of blood through it.
Forced expiratory volume normal	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Pubic pain	In vertebrates, the pubic bone is the ventral and anterior of the three principal bones composing either half of the pelvis.
Free thyroxine index increased	Thyroid function tests (TFTs) is a collective term for blood tests used to check the function of the thyroid.TFTs may be requested if a patient is thought to suffer from hyperthyroidism (overactive thyroid) or hypothyroidism (underactive thyroid), or to monitor the effectiveness of either thyroid-suppression or hormone replacement therapy.
Prothrombin time ratio	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Traction	Traction
Wound infection staphylococcal	Infection is the invasion of an organism's body tissues by disease-causing agents, their multiplication, and the reaction of host tissues to the infectious agents and the toxins they produce.
Dehydroepiandrosterone increased	Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), also known as androstenolone, is an endogenous steroid hormone.
Visceral oedema	Organs are groups of tissues with similar functions.
Ureteritis	Ureteritis is a medical condition of the ureter that involves inflammation.
Oesophagogastroscopy	Oesophagogastroscopy
Mucosal infection	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Kyphosis	Kyphosis is an abnormally excessive convex curvature of the spine as it occurs in the thoracic and sacral regions.
Macrophages increased	Macrophages (Greek: big eaters, from Greek μακρός (makrós) = large, φαγεῖν (phagein) = to eat) are a type of white blood cell, of the immune system, that engulfs and digests cellular debris, foreign substances, microbes, cancer cells, and anything else that does not have the type of proteins specific to healthy body cells on its surface in a process called phagocytosis.
Coagulation factor VIII level increased	Coagulation factor VIII level increased
Respiratory syncytial virus serology positive	Respiratory syncytial virus serology positive
Total cholesterol/HDL ratio normal	Total cholesterol/HDL ratio normal
Protein albumin ratio	Serum albumin, often referred to simply as blood albumin, is an albumin (a type of globular protein) found in vertebrate blood.
Sigmoidoscopy abnormal	"Sigmoidoscopy (from the Greek term for letter ""s/ς"" + ""eidos"" + ""scopy"": namely, to look inside an ""s""/""ς""-like object) is the minimally invasive medical examination of the large intestine from the rectum through the nearest part of the colon, the sigmoid colon."
Specific gravity urine abnormal	Specific gravity urine abnormal
Orthopedic examination normal	Orthopedic examination normal
Chronic granulomatous disease	Chronic granulomatous disease (CGD) (also known as Bridges–Good syndrome, chronic granulomatous disorder, and Quie syndrome) is a diverse group of hereditary diseases in which certain cells of the immune system have difficulty forming the reactive oxygen compounds (most importantly the superoxide radical due to defective phagocyte NADPH oxidase) used to kill certain ingested pathogens.
Proteus infection	Proteus is a genus of Gram-negative Proteobacteria.
Blood pyruvic acid decreased	Blood pyruvic acid decreased
Mucopolysaccharidosis II	Hunter syndrome, or mucopolysaccharidosis type II (MPS II), is a rare genetic disorder in which large sugar molecules called glycosaminoglycans (AKA GAGs, or mucopolysaccharides) build up in body tissues.
Urine arsenic	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Exertional headache	Exertional headache
Postoperative renal failure	Postoperative renal failure
Hoffmann's sign	"Hoffmann's reflex (Hoffmann's sign, sometimes simply ""Hoffmann's"", also finger flexor reflex) is a neurological examination finding elicited by a reflex test which can help verify the presence or absence of issues arising from the corticospinal tract."
Gastrointestinal candidiasis	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Fungus urine test negative	Fungus urine test negative
Urological examination normal	Urological examination normal
Kinematic imbalances due to suboccipital strain	Kinematic imbalances due to suboccipital strain
Parasitic test positive	Parasitic test positive
Ureteral disorder	The ureters are tubes made of smooth muscle fibers that propel urine from the kidneys to the urinary bladder.
Polycystic liver disease	Polycystic liver disease (PLD) usually describes the presence of multiple cysts scattered throughout normal liver tissue.
Visual field tests normal	Visual field tests normal
Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome	Wolf–Hirschhorn syndrome (WHS), is a chromosomal deletion syndrome resulting from a partial deletion from the short arm of chromosome 4 (del(4p16.3)).
Hypoxic encephalopathy	Cerebral hypoxia is a form of hypoxia (reduced supply of oxygen), specifically involving the brain; when the brain is completely deprived of oxygen, it is called cerebral anoxia.
Polyp colorectal	In anatomy, a polyp is an abnormal growth of tissue projecting from a mucous membrane.
Venous thrombosis limb	A venous thrombus is  a blood clot (thrombus) that forms within a vein.
Low carbohydrate diet	Low-carbohydrate diets or carbohydrate-restricted diets (CRDs) are diets that restrict carbohydrate consumption relative to the average diet.
Spinal cord neoplasm	Spinal tumors are neoplasms located in the spinal cord.
Urogram normal	Urogram normal
Dental examination abnormal	Dental examination abnormal
pH body fluid abnormal	pH body fluid abnormal
Colon dysplasia	Colon dysplasia
Knee deformity	In humans and other primates, the knee joins the thigh with the leg and consists of two joints: one between the femur and tibia (tibiofemoral joint), and one between the femur and patella (patellofemoral joint).
Vaccination site hypersensitivity	Vaccination site hypersensitivity
Radial pulse decreased	In human anatomy, the radial artery is the main artery of the lateral aspect of the forearm.
PO2	Petty officer, 2nd class, AKA PO2, is a Naval non-commissioned member rank of the Canadian Forces.
Gastric mucosal lesion	Gastric mucosal lesion
Transferrin	Transferrins are iron-binding blood plasma glycoproteins that control the level of free iron (Fe) in biological fluids.
Hypocomplementaemia	Hypocomplementaemia
Peritoneal disorder	The peritoneum is the serous membrane forming the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates, such as annelids.
X-ray with contrast lower gastrointestinal tract abnormal	X-ray with contrast lower gastrointestinal tract abnormal
Pleurectomy	Cardiothoracic surgery (also known as thoracic surgery) is the field of medicine involved in surgical treatment of organs inside the thorax (the chest)—generally treatment of conditions of the heart (heart disease) and lungs (lung disease).
Fibrin normal	Fibrin (also called Factor Ia) is a fibrous, non-globular protein involved in the clotting of blood.
Prophylaxis of neural tube defect	Prophylaxis of neural tube defect
Fibrous cortical defect	Fibrous cortical defect
Proctoscopy abnormal	Proctoscopy is a common medical procedure in which an instrument called a proctoscope (also known as a rectoscope, although the latter may be a bit longer) is used to examine the anal cavity, rectum, or sigmoid colon.
Mediastinoscopy	Mediastinoscopy is a procedure that enables visualization of the contents of the mediastinum, usually for the purpose of obtaining a biopsy.
Mesenteric occlusion	The mesentery is a contiguous set of tissues that attaches the intestines to the posterior abdominal wall in humans and is formed by the double fold of peritoneum.
Pericarditis infective	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Coombs indirect test	Coombs indirect test
Univentricular heart	Univentricular heart
Ureteric dilatation	Megaureter is a medical anomaly whereby the ureter is abnormally dilated.
Serum ferritin normal	Ferritin is a universal intracellular protein that stores iron and releases it in a controlled fashion.
Pituitary cyst	In vertebrate anatomy, the pituitary gland, or hypophysis, is an endocrine gland about the size of a pea and weighing 0.5 grams (0.018 oz) in humans.
Fibrin degradation products normal	Fibrin degradation products (FDPs), also known as fibrin split products, are components of the blood produced by clot degeneration.
Ovarian atrophy	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Homans' sign negative	In medicine, Homans' sign (sometimes spelled as Homans sign or called dorsiflexion sign) is considered by some physicians to be a sign of deep vein thrombosis (DVT).
CSF leukocyte/erythrocyte ratio	CSF leukocyte/erythrocyte ratio
Lactate pyruvate ratio normal	Lactate pyruvate ratio normal
Pericarditis constrictive	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Sequestrectomy	Sequestrectomy
Urological examination	"Urology (from Greek οὖρον ouron ""urine"" and -λογία -logia ""study of""), also known as genitourinary surgery, is the branch of medicine that focuses on surgical and medical diseases of the male and female urinary-tract system and the male reproductive organs."
Small intestine carcinoma	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Thermoanaesthesia	Thermoanaesthesia
Groin infection	In human anatomy, the groin (the adjective is inguinal, as in inguinal canal) is the junctional area (also known as the inguinal region) between the abdomen and the thigh on either side of the pubic bone.
Eye haematoma	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Coagulation factor X level normal	Coagulation factor X level normal
Palmoplantar keratoderma	Palmoplantar keratodermas are a heterogeneous group of disorders characterized by abnormal thickening of the palms and soles.
Ependymitis	Ependymitis
Social anxiety disorder	Social anxiety disorder (SAD), also known as social phobia, is an anxiety disorder characterized by a significant amount of fear in one or more social situations, causing considerable distress and impaired ability to function in at least some parts of daily life.
Nocardiosis	Nocardiosis is an infectious disease affecting either the lungs (pulmonary nocardiosis) or the whole body (systemic nocardiosis).
Hepatic adenoma	Hepatocellular adenoma (also known as hepatic adenoma or hepadenoma) is a rare, benign liver tumor.
Neurone-specific enolase	Neurone-specific enolase
Calcific deposits removal	Calcific deposits removal
Polypectomy	In medicine a polypectomy is the removal of a polyp.
Hypertensive nephropathy	Hypertensive kidney disease is a medical condition referring to damage to the kidney due to chronic high blood pressure.
Prosopagnosia	Prosopagnosia, also called face blindness, is a cognitive disorder of face perception in which the ability to recognize familiar faces, including one's own face (self-recognition), is impaired, while other aspects of visual processing (e.g., object discrimination) and intellectual functioning (e.g., decision-making) remain intact.
Listeria test	Listeria is a genus of bacteria.
Urinary sediment abnormal	Urinary casts are microscopic cylindrical structures produced by the kidney and present in the urine in certain disease states.
Parechovirus infection	Parechovirus is a genus of viruses in the family Picornaviridae.
Oestradiol abnormal	Estradiol (E2), also spelled oestradiol, is an estrogen steroid hormone and the major female sex hormone.
Taciturnity	HMS Taciturn was a British submarine of the third group of the T class.
Neurologic somatic symptom disorder	Neurologic somatic symptom disorder
Vision correction operation	Vision correction operation
Flour sensitivity	Flour is a powder made by grinding raw grains, roots, beans, nuts, or seeds.
Spotted fever rickettsia test positive	Spotted fever rickettsia test positive
Carotid artery disease	Carotid artery stenosis is a narrowing or constriction of any part of the carotid arteries, usually caused by atherosclerosis.
Mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis	Mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis
Vertebrobasilar insufficiency	Vertebrobasilar insufficiency (VBI) describes a temporary set of symptoms due to decreased blood flow (ischemia) in the posterior circulation of the brain.
Secondary hypogonadism	Hypogonadotropic Hypogonadism (HH),  is due to problems with either the hypothalamus or pituitary gland affecting the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis (HPG axis).
Exchange blood transfusion	Exchange blood transfusion
Reynold's syndrome	Reynold's syndrome
Blood acid phosphatase decreased	Blood acid phosphatase decreased
Thromboembolectomy	Embolectomy is the emergency surgical removal of emboli which are blocking blood circulation.
Hydrogen breath test abnormal	A hydrogen breath test (or HBT) is used as a diagnostic tool for small intestine bacterial overgrowth and carbohydrate malabsorption, such as lactose, fructose, and sorbitol malabsorption.The test is simple, non-invasive, and is performed after a short period of fasting (typically 8–12 hours).
Progesterone increased	Progesterone (P4) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle, pregnancy, and embryogenesis of humans and other species.
Inferior vena cava stenosis	The inferior vena cava (or IVC) is a large vein that carries the deoxygenated blood from the lower and middle body into the right atrium of the heart.
Panniculitis lobular	Panniculitis is a group of diseases whose hallmark is inflammation of subcutaneous adipose tissue (the fatty layer under the skin – panniculus adiposus).
Sapovirus test positive	Sapovirus test positive
Impaired reasoning	According to many definitions, a disability or functional impairment is an impairment that may be cognitive, developmental, intellectual, mental, physical, sensory, or some combination of these.
CNS ventriculitis	CNS ventriculitis
Premenstrual headache	Premenstrual headache
Large cell lung cancer	Large cell lung cancer
Tonsillar exudate	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Psychogenic respiratory distress	Psychogenic respiratory distress
Schistosomiasis	Schistosomiasis, also known as snail fever and bilharzia, is a disease caused by parasitic flatworms called schistosomes.
Toe amputation	Toes are the digits (fingers) of the foot of a tetrapod.
Vascular rupture	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Hepatitis E antigen negative	Hepatitis E antigen negative
Haemoconcentration	Haemoconcentration
Procalcitonin abnormal	Procalcitonin (PCT) is a peptide precursor of the hormone calcitonin, the latter being involved with calcium homeostasis.
Infective exacerbation of bronchiectasis	Infective exacerbation of bronchiectasis
Residual urine volume	Urinary retention is an inability to completely empty the bladder.
Human anti-human antibody test	Human anti-human antibody test
Toxoplasma serology	Toxoplasma gondii () is an obligate intracellular parasitic one-celled eukaryote (specifically an apicomplexan) that causes the infectious disease toxoplasmosis.
Cardiac ventricular disorder	Cardiac ventricular disorder
Rapid eye movement sleep behaviour disorder	Rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder (RBD) is a sleep disorder (more specifically a parasomnia) in which people act out their dreams.
Primary biliary cholangitis	Primary biliary cholangitis (PBC), previously known as primary biliary cirrhosis, is an autoimmune disease of the liver.
Sphincter of Oddi dysfunction	Sphincter of Oddi dysfunction refers to a group of functional disorders leading to abdominal pain due to dysfunction of the Sphincter of Oddi: functional biliary sphincter of Oddi and functional pancreatic sphincter of Oddi disorder.
Neurotransmitter level altered	Neurotransmitter level altered
Psychiatric evaluation abnormal	Psychological assessment is defined as a way of assessing an individual's cognitive, academic, behavioral, social-emotional, and adaptive functioning.
Organic acid analysis	An organic acid is an organic compound with acidic properties.
Ehrlichia test positive	Ehrlichia test positive
Lipase decreased	A lipase (, ) is any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of fats (lipids).
T-cell type acute leukaemia	T-cell type acute leukaemia
Flavivirus test	Flavivirus is a genus of viruses in the family Flaviviridae.
Inhibiting antibodies positive	Inhibiting antibodies positive
Cortisol normal	Cortisol is a steroid hormone, in the glucocorticoid class of hormones.
Oesophagogastroduodenoscopy abnormal	Esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD; ), also called by various other names, is a diagnostic endoscopic procedure that visualizes the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract down to the duodenum.
Gait spastic	Gait is the pattern of movement of the limbs of animals, including humans, during locomotion over a solid substrate.
Skin lesion removal	A skin condition, also known as cutaneous condition, is any medical condition that affects the integumentary system—the organ system that encloses the body and includes skin, hair, nails, and related muscle and glands.
Diabetic retinopathy	Diabetic retinopathy, also known as diabetic eye disease, is a medical condition in which damage occurs to the retina due to diabetes mellitus.
X-ray dental abnormal	X-ray dental abnormal
Slit-lamp tests normal	Slit-lamp tests normal
Post procedural constipation	Post procedural constipation
Therapeutic embolisation	A therapy or medical treatment (often abbreviated tx, Tx, or Tx) is the attempted remediation of a health problem, usually following a diagnosis.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging breast abnormal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging breast abnormal
Normal pressure hydrocephalus	Normal-pressure hydrocephalus (NPH), also called communicating hydrocephalus and malresorptive hydrocephalus, is a condition in which excess cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) occurs in the ventricles, and with normal or slightly elevated cerebrospinal fluid pressure.
Pedal pulse decreased	Pedal pulse decreased
Transferrin saturation decreased	Transferrin saturation, measured as a percentage, is a medical laboratory value.
Thyroglobulin present	Thyroglobulin (Tg) is a 660 kDa, dimeric glycoprotein produced by the follicular cells of the thyroid and used entirely within the thyroid gland.
Small intestinal anastomosis	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Tenodesis	Tenodesis
Salmonella bacteraemia	Salmonella is a genus of rod-shaped (bacillus) Gram-negative bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Pain assessment	Pain is often regarded as the fifth vital sign in regard to healthcare because it is accepted now in healthcare that pain, like other vital signs, is an objective sensation rather than subjective.
Human anaplasmosis	Human granulocytic anaplasmosis (HGA) is a tick-borne, infectious disease caused by Anaplasma phagocytophilum, an obligate intracellular bacterium that is typically transmitted to humans by ticks of the Ixodes ricinus species complex, including Ixodes scapularis and Ixodes pacificus in North America.
Separation anxiety disorder	Separation anxiety disorder (SAD) is an anxiety disorder in which an individual experiences excessive anxiety regarding separation from home and/or from people to whom the individual has a strong emotional attachment (e.g., a parent, caregiver, significant other or siblings).
Oestriol normal	Estriol (E3), also spelled oestriol, is a steroid, a weak estrogen, and a minor female sex hormone.
Tri-iodothyronine free normal	Tri-iodothyronine free normal
Blood testosterone	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Fallopian tube cyst	The Fallopian tubes, also known as uterine tubes or salpinges (singular salpinx) are uterine appendages.
Neurosyphilis	Neurosyphilis refers to infection of the central nervous system in a patient with syphilis and can occur at any stage.
Spinal meningeal cyst	Spinal meningeal cyst
Puncture site erythema	Puncture site erythema
Trisomy 12	A trisomy is a type of polysomy in which there are three instances of a particular chromosome, instead of the normal two.
Stomach scan	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Neuropsychological test abnormal	Neuropsychological tests are specifically designed tasks used to measure a psychological function known to be linked to a particular brain structure or pathway.
Viral cardiomyopathy	Viral cardiomyopathy occurs when viral infections cause myocarditis with a resulting thickening of the myocardium and dilation of the ventricles.
White blood cells urine	White blood cells (WBCs), also called leukocytes or leucocytes, are the cells of the immune system that are involved in protecting the body against both infectious disease and foreign invaders.
Microcytosis	Microcytosis or microcythemia a condition in which red blood cells are unusually small as measured by their mean corpuscular volume.When associated with anemia, it is known as microcytic anemia.
Retinal injury	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Euthyroid sick syndrome	Euthyroid sick syndrome (ESS) is a state of adaptation or dysregulation of thyrotropic feedback control wherein the levels of T3 and/or T4 are abnormal, but the thyroid gland does not appear to be dysfunctional.
Physical breast examination	Physical breast examination
Tonsillar haemorrhage	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Low cardiac output syndrome	Low cardiac output syndrome
Social fear	Living organisms including humans are social when they live collectively in interacting populations, whether they are aware of it, and whether the interaction is voluntary or involuntary.
Metastases to kidney	Metastases to kidney
Hydrogen breath test	A hydrogen breath test (or HBT) is used as a diagnostic tool for small intestine bacterial overgrowth and carbohydrate malabsorption, such as lactose, fructose, and sorbitol malabsorption.The test is simple, non-invasive, and is performed after a short period of fasting (typically 8–12 hours).
West Nile virus test	West Nile virus (WNV) is a single-stranded RNA virus that causes West Nile fever.
Reversible airways obstruction	Reversible airways obstruction
Tumour haemorrhage	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Pneumonia fungal	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Exposure to mould	Exposure to mould
Tumour marker test	A tumor marker is a biomarker found in blood, urine, or body tissues that can be elevated by the presence of one or more types of cancer.
Capillary fragility abnormal	Capillary fragility abnormal
IIIrd nerve injury	IIIrd nerve injury
Oesophagram	Oesophagram
Rhinitis perennial	Rhinitis, also known as coryza, is irritation and inflammation of the mucous membrane inside the nose.
Plasma protein metabolism disorder	Plasma protein metabolism disorder
Urine electrolytes decreased	Urine electrolytes decreased
Gastrointestinal erosion	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Pancreatic enzymes abnormal	Digestive enzymes are a group of enzymes that break down polymeric macromolecules into their smaller building blocks, in order to facilitate their absorption by the body.
Uterine atony	Uterine atony is a loss of tone in the uterine musculature.
Nerve root injury thoracic	Nerve root injury thoracic
Tissue polypeptide antigen increased	Tissue polypeptide antigen increased
Spinal cord operation	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
X-ray therapy to joint	X-ray therapy to joint
Smooth muscle antibody negative	Smooth muscle antibody negative
Ligament laxity	Ligamentous laxity, or ligament laxity, means loose ligaments.
Postoperative care	Postoperative care
Therapy regimen changed	Therapy regimen changed
Weaning failure	Weaning is the process of gradually introducing an infant human or another mammal to what will be its adult diet while withdrawing the supply of its mother's milk.
Instillation site foreign body sensation	Instillation site foreign body sensation
Respiratory therapy	A respiratory therapist is a specialized healthcare practitioner trained in pulmonary medicine in order to work therapeutically with people suffering from pulmonary disease.
Saliva analysis abnormal	Saliva analysis abnormal
Fungus serology test negative	Fungus serology test negative
Liver transplant rejection	Liver transplantation or hepatic transplantation is the  replacement of a diseased liver with the healthy liver from another person (allograft).
Pulmonary infarction	Lung infarction occurs when an artery to the lung becomes blocked and part of the lung dies.
Pneumocystis jiroveci infection	Pneumocystis jirovecii (previously P. carinii) is a yeast-like fungus of the genus Pneumocystis.
Bone density abnormal	Bone density, or bone mineral density (BMD), is the amount of bone mineral in bone tissue.
Job dissatisfaction	Job satisfaction or employee satisfaction is a measure of workers' contentedness with their job, whether or not they like the job or individual aspects or facets of jobs, such as nature of work or supervision.
Spinal shock	Spinal shock was first defined by Whytt in 1750 as a loss of sensation accompanied by motor paralysis with initial loss but gradual recovery of reflexes, following a spinal cord injury (SCI) – most often a complete transection.
Urine viscosity increased	Urine viscosity increased
Laryngeal cyst	Laryngeal cysts are cysts involving the larynx or more frequently supraglottic locations, such as epiglottis and vallecula.
Polycythaemia vera	Polycythemia vera  is an uncommon myeloproliferative neoplasm in which the bone marrow makes too many red blood cells.
CSF neutrophil count negative	CSF neutrophil count negative
Iodine uptake decreased	Iodine uptake decreased
Foraminotomy	Foraminotomy is a medical operation used to relieve pressure on nerves that are being compressed by the intervertebral foramina, the passages through the bones of the vertebrae of the spine that pass nerve bundles to the body from the spinal cord.
Tri-iodothyronine normal	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Lentigo	A lentigo () (plural lentigines, ) is a small pigmented spot on the skin with a clearly defined edge, surrounded by normal-appearing skin.
Pouchitis	Pouchitis is inflammation of the ileal pouch (an artificial rectum surgically created out of ileal gut tissue in patients who have undergone a colectomy), which is created in the management of patients with ulcerative colitis, indeterminate colitis, FAP, or, rarely, other colitides.A variety of pathophysiological mechanisms have been proposed for pouchitis, but the precise pathogenesis (biological cause) remains unknown.
Radial pulse	In human anatomy, the radial artery is the main artery of the lateral aspect of the forearm.
Thyroglossal cyst excision	A thyroglossal cyst is a fibrous cyst that forms from a persistent thyroglossal duct.
Colonic fistula	Colon cleansing (also known as colon therapy) encompasses a number of alternative medical therapies claimed to remove nonspecific toxins from the colon and intestinal tract by removing any accumulations of feces.
T-lymphocyte count abnormal	T-lymphocyte count abnormal
Placenta praevia haemorrhage	Placenta praevia is when the placenta attaches inside the uterus but near or over the cervical opening.
Fungus stool identified	Fungus stool identified
Urine arsenic increased	Urine arsenic increased
Lumbar spine flattening	The lumbar vertebrae are, in human anatomy, the five vertebrae between the rib cage and the pelvis.
Renal cell carcinoma stage unspecified	Renal cell carcinoma stage unspecified
Hernia congenital	A hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ, such as the bowel, through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides.
Parkinsonian gait	Parkinsonian gait (or festinating gait, from Latin festinare [to hurry]) is the type of gait exhibited by patients suffering from Parkinson's disease (PD).
Phaeochromocytoma	Pheochromocytomas (PH or PCC) are tumors arising from chromaffin cells of the adrenal gland.
Reticulocytosis	Reticulocytosis is a condition where there is an increase in reticulocytes, immature red blood cells.
Volume blood decreased	Volume blood decreased
Spider naevus	A spider angioma or spider naevus (plural spider naevi) is a type of telangiectasis (swollen blood vessels) found slightly beneath the skin surface, often containing a central red spot and reddish extensions which radiate outwards like a spider's web.
Urinary casts	Urinary casts are microscopic cylindrical structures produced by the kidney and present in the urine in certain disease states.
Renal abscess	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Sodium retention	Hypernatremia, also spelled hypernatraemia, is a high concentration of sodium in the blood.
Haemosiderosis	Hemosiderosis is a form of iron overload disorder resulting in the accumulation of hemosiderin.
Urethral disorder	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Meningocele	Spina bifida is a birth defect in which there is incomplete closing of the spine and membranes around the spinal cord during early development in pregnancy.
Kussmaul respiration	Kussmaul breathing is a deep and labored breathing pattern often associated with severe metabolic acidosis, particularly diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) but also kidney failure.
Macrophages decreased	Macrophages (Greek: big eaters, from Greek μακρός (makrós) = large, φαγεῖν (phagein) = to eat) are a type of white blood cell, of the immune system, that engulfs and digests cellular debris, foreign substances, microbes, cancer cells, and anything else that does not have the type of proteins specific to healthy body cells on its surface in a process called phagocytosis.
General physical condition normal	General physical condition normal
Tetanus antibody	Tetanus, also known as lockjaw, is a bacterial infection characterized by muscle spasms.
Sick sinus syndrome	Sick sinus syndrome (SSS), is a group of abnormal heart rhythms (arrhythmias) presumably caused by a malfunction of the sinus node, the heart's primary pacemaker.
Vein pain	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Reticulocyte percentage abnormal	Reticulocyte percentage abnormal
Coagulation factor IX level decreased	Coagulation factor IX level decreased
Hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma	Hepatosplenic T-cell lymphoma is a rare and generally incurable form of lymphoma, except in the case of an Allogenic Stem Cell Transplant.
Physical assault	An assault is the act of inflicting physical harm or unwanted physical contact upon a person or, in some specific legal definitions, a threat or attempt to commit such an action.
Kaolin cephalin clotting time normal	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Herpes simplex DNA test positive	Herpes simplex DNA test positive
Dilatation intrahepatic duct acquired	Dilatation intrahepatic duct acquired
Rheumatoid factor decreased	Rheumatoid factor (RF) is the autoantibody that was first found in rheumatoid arthritis.
Ventricular failure	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Inclusion conjunctivitis	Conjunctivitis, also known as pink eye, is inflammation of the outermost layer of the white part of the eye and the inner surface of the eyelid.
Coagulation factor VII level normal	Coagulation factor VII level normal
Induction of anaesthesia	Induction of anaesthesia
Bronchopleural fistula	A bronchopleural fistula (BPF) is a fistula between the pleural space and the lung.
Rectal neoplasm	Colorectal cancer (CRC), also known as bowel cancer and colon cancer, is the development of cancer from the colon or rectum (parts of the large intestine).
Neurolysis surgical	Neurolysis is the application of physical or chemical agents to a nerve in order to cause a temporary degeneration of targeted nerve fibers.
Thymus hypoplasia	The thymus is a specialized primary lymphoid organ of the immune system.
Tri-iodothyronine free increased	Tri-iodothyronine free increased
Cortical laminar necrosis	Cortical pseudolaminar necrosis, also known as cortical laminar necrosis and simply laminar necrosis, is the (uncontrolled) death of cells in the (cerebral) cortex of the brain in a band-like pattern, with a relative preservation of cells immediately adjacent to the meninges.
Subependymal nodular heterotopia	Subependymal nodular heterotopia
Inborn error of metabolism	Inborn errors of metabolism form a large class of genetic diseases involving congenital disorders of metabolism.
Pulmonary physical examination normal	Pulmonary physical examination normal
Neuron-specific enolase	Gamma-enolase, also known as enolase 2 (ENO2) or neuron specific enolase (NSE), is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the ENO2 gene.
Syringomyelia	Syringomyelia is a generic term referring to a disorder in which a cyst or cavity forms within the spinal cord.
Blood antimony	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Gamma-glutamyltransferase decreased	Gamma-glutamyltransferase (also γ-glutamyltransferase, GGT, gamma-GT; EC 2.3.2.2) is a transferase (a type of enzyme) that catalyzes the transfer of gamma-glutamyl functional groups from molecules such as glutathione to an acceptor that may be an amino acid, a peptide or water (forming glutamate).
Tumour flare	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Pasteurella test positive	Pasteurella test positive
Colonic polyp	A colorectal polyp is a polyp (fleshy growth) occurring on the lining of the colon or rectum.
Sticky skin	Sticky skin
Blood galactose normal	Blood galactose normal
Erythropenia	Anemia (also spelled anaemia) is a decrease in the total amount of red blood cells (RBCs) or hemoglobin in the blood, or a lowered ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Metanephrine urine	Metanephrine (metadrenaline) is a metabolite of epinephrine (adrenaline) created by action of catechol-O-methyl transferase on epinephrine.
Verbal abuse	Verbal abuse (also verbal attack or verbal assault) is the act of forcefully criticizing, insulting, or denouncing another person.
Lactose tolerance test normal	Lactose intolerance is a condition in which people have symptoms due to the decreased ability to digest lactose, a sugar found in dairy products.
Rectal abscess	The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Retroperitoneal mass	The retroperitoneal space (retroperitoneum) is the anatomical space (sometimes a potential space) in the abdominal cavity behind (retro) the peritoneum.
Uterine necrosis	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Thoracic operation	The thorax or chest is a part of the anatomy of humans and various other animals located between the neck and the abdomen.
Blood erythropoietin normal	Blood erythropoietin normal
Faecal fat increased	In medicine, the fecal fat test is a diagnostic test for fat malabsorption conditions, which lead to excess fat in the feces (steatorrhea).
Mononuclear cell count	Agranulocytes or nongranulocytes, also mononuclear leukocytes, are one of the two types of white blood cells, also known as leukocytes.
Urine cytology normal	Urine cytology is a test that looks for abnormal cells in urine under a microscope.
Vascular compression	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Delayed sleep phase	Delayed sleep phase disorder (DSPD), more often known as delayed sleep phase syndrome and also as delayed sleep–wake phase disorder, is a chronic dysregulation of a person's circadian rhythm (biological clock), compared to those of the general population and societal norms.
Lower urinary tract symptoms	Lower urinary tract symptoms (LUTS) refer to a group of clinical symptoms involving the bladder, urinary sphincter, urethra and, in men, the prostate.
Meningomyelocele	Spina bifida is a birth defect in which there is incomplete closing of the spine and membranes around the spinal cord during early development in pregnancy.
Burkholderia cepacia complex infection	Burkholderia cepacia complex (BCC), or simply Burkholderia cepacia, is a group of catalase-producing, lactose-nonfermenting, Gram-negative bacteria composed of at least 20 different species, including B. cepacia, B. multivorans, B. cenocepacia, B. vietnamiensis, B. stabilis, B. ambifaria, B. dolosa, B. anthina,  B. pyrrocinia and  B. ubonensis.
Coma hepatic	A coma is a deep state of prolonged unconsciousness in which a person cannot be awakened; fails to respond normally to painful stimuli, light, or sound; lacks a normal wake-sleep cycle; and does not initiate voluntary actions.
Transaminases abnormal	Transaminases or aminotransferases are enzymes that catalyze a transamination reaction between an amino acid and an α-keto acid.
Post procedural haematoma	Post procedural haematoma
Polymicrogyria	Polymicrogyria (PMG) is a condition that affects the development of the human brain by multiple small gyri (microgyri) creating excessive folding of the brain leading to an abnormally thick cortex.
Transferrin saturation	Transferrin saturation, measured as a percentage, is a medical laboratory value.
Gingival recession	Gingival recession, also known as receding gums, is the exposure in the roots of the teeth caused by a loss of gum tissue and/or retraction of the gingival margin from the crown of the teeth.
Human herpesvirus 6 infection	Human herpesvirus 6 (HHV-6) is the common collective name for Human betaherpesvirus 6A (HHV-6A) and Human betaherpesvirus 6B (HHV-6B).
Female orgasmic disorder	Female orgasmic disorder
Lenticular opacities	Lenticular opacities
Galactose elimination capacity test normal	Galactose elimination capacity test normal
Loss of visual contrast sensitivity	Loss of visual contrast sensitivity
Spondylolisthesis	Spondylolisthesis is the displacement of one spinal vertebra compared to another.
Haemorrhagic infarction	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Vasoplegia syndrome	Vasoplegia syndrome
Fear of crowded places	Fear of crowded places
Emotional disorder of childhood	Emotional disorder of childhood
Computerised tomogram liver abnormal	Computerised tomogram liver abnormal
Spinal cord ischaemia	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Cardiovascular function test abnormal	Cardiovascular function test abnormal
Osteopetrosis	"Osteopetrosis, literally ""stone bone"", also known as marble bone disease or Albers-Schönberg disease, is an extremely rare inherited disorder whereby the bones harden, becoming denser, in contrast to more prevalent conditions like osteoporosis, in which the bones become less dense and more brittle, or osteomalacia, in which the bones soften."
Stress at work	Stress at work
Haemorrhagic pneumonia	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
Pulmonary function challenge test normal	Pulmonary function challenge test normal
Splenic cyst	The spleen is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates.
Coagulation factor XI level normal	Coagulation factor XI level normal
Scan adrenal gland	Scan adrenal gland
Ductal adenocarcinoma of pancreas	Ductal adenocarcinoma of pancreas
Intraventricular haemorrhage neonatal	Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), also known as intraventricular bleeding, is a bleeding into the brain's ventricular system, where the cerebrospinal fluid is produced and circulates through towards the subarachnoid space.
Periodic limb movement disorder	Periodic limb movement disorder (PLMD) is a sleep disorder where the patient moves limbs involuntarily and periodically during sleep, and has symptoms or problems related to the movement.
Computerised tomogram coronary artery abnormal	Computerised tomogram coronary artery abnormal
Progressive relapsing multiple sclerosis	Progressive relapsing multiple sclerosis
Metabolic surgery	"Metabolism (, from Greek: μεταβολή metabolē, ""change"") is the set of life-sustaining chemical reactions in organisms."
Pelvic organ injury	Pelvic organ injury
Catheterisation venous	Catheterisation venous
Intestinal transit time decreased	Intestinal transit time decreased
Intertrigo	Intertrigo refers to a type of inflammatory rash (dermatitis) of the superficial skin that occurs within a person's body folds.
Hepcidin test	Hepcidin is a protein that in humans is encoded by the HAMP gene.
Right ventricular enlargement	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Organic brain syndrome	An organic brain syndrome (OBS), also known as an organic brain disease/disorder (OBD), an organic mental syndrome (OMS), or an organic mental disorder (OMD), is a syndrome or disorder of mental function whose cause is alleged to be known as organic (physiologic) rather than purely of the mind.
Skeletal survey normal	A skeletal survey (also called a bone survey) is a series of X-rays of all the bones in the body, or at least the axial skeleton and the large cortical bones.
Hypophonesis	Hypophonesis
Keratoplasty	Corneal transplantation, also known as corneal grafting, is a surgical procedure where a damaged or diseased cornea is replaced by donated corneal tissue (the graft).
Neuropsychiatric symptoms	Neuropsychiatry is a branch of medicine that deals with mental disorders attributable to diseases of the nervous system.
Mentally late developer	Mentally late developer
Ovarian adenoma	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Pineal gland cyst	A pineal gland cyst is a usually benign (non-malignant) cyst in the pineal gland, a small endocrine gland in the brain.
Gastrocardiac syndrome	Gastrocardiac syndrome
Catheter site discharge	Catheter site discharge
Factor I deficiency	Factor I deficiency, also known as fibrinogen deficiency, is a rare inherited bleeding disorder related to fibrinogen function in the blood coagulation cascade.
Vitamin B6 normal	Vitamin B6 refers to a group of chemically similar compounds which can be interconverted in biological systems.
Total complement activity decreased	Total complement activity is a test performed to assess the level of functioning of the complement system.
Electrocardiogram QRS complex prolonged	Electrocardiogram QRS complex prolonged
Renal cyst	A renal cyst  is a fluid collection in or on the kidney.
Low density lipoprotein decreased	Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoprotein which transport all fat molecules around the body in the extracellular water.
Chest tube removal	A chest tube (chest drain, thoracic catheter, tube thoracostomy, or intercostal drain) is a flexible plastic tube that is inserted through the chest wall and into the pleural space or mediastinum.
Cytokine storm	Cytokine release syndrome, also known as an infusion reaction, is a form of systemic inflammatory response syndrome that arises as a complication of some diseases or infections, and is also an adverse effect of some monoclonal antibody drugs, as well as adoptive T-cell therapies.
Urinary sediment	Urinary casts are microscopic cylindrical structures produced by the kidney and present in the urine in certain disease states.
Yersinia test	Yersinia is a genus of bacteria in the family Yersiniaceae.
Viral sepsis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Pulseless electrical activity	Pulseless electrical activity (PEA) refers to cardiac arrest in which the electrocardiogram shows a heart rhythm that should produce a pulse, but does not.
Postural tremor	Essential tremor (ET), also called benign tremor, familial tremor, and idiopathic tremor, is a medical condition characterized by involuntary rhythmic contractions and relaxations (oscillations or twitching movements) of certain muscle groups in one or more body parts of unknown cause.
Decompression sickness	Decompression sickness (DCS; also known as divers' disease, the bends, aerobullosis, or caisson disease) describes a condition arising from dissolved gases coming out of solution into bubbles inside the body on depressurisation.
Foetal non-stress test abnormal	Foetal non-stress test abnormal
Oesophagogastroscopy abnormal	Oesophagogastroscopy abnormal
Transplant failure	Transplant failure
Pseudocyst	Pseudocysts are like cysts, but lack epithelial or endothelial cells.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging abdominal abnormal	Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging abdominal abnormal
Lung assist device therapy	Lung assist device therapy
Procedural failure	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Paranasal cyst	Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity.
Immature granulocyte percentage increased	Immature granulocyte percentage increased
Neuromuscular pain	A neuromuscular junction (or myoneural junction) is a chemical synapse formed by the contact between a motor neuron and a muscle fiber.
Complement factor C2	The complement system is a part of the immune system that enhances (complements) the ability of antibodies and phagocytic cells to clear microbes and damaged cells from an organism, promote inflammation, and attack the pathogen's cell membrane.
Neurodevelopment test	The development of the nervous system, or neural development,  refers to the processes that generate, shape, and reshape the nervous system of animals, from the earliest stages of embryonic development to adulthood.
Vertebral osteophyte	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
Eye opacity	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
Red blood cell morphology	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Tongue pigmentation	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Von Willebrand's factor multimers test	Von Willebrand's factor multimers test
Urethral haemorrhage	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Reactive attachment disorder of infancy or early childhood	Reactive attachment disorder of infancy or early childhood
Vitamin B1	Thiamine, also known as thiamin or vitamin B1, is a vitamin found in food, and manufactured as a dietary supplement and medication.
SUNCT syndrome	Short-lasting unilateral neuralgiform headache with conjunctival injection and tearing (SUNCT syndrome), is a rare headache disorder that belongs to the group of headaches called trigeminal autonomic cephalalgia (TACs).
Foreign body in ear	Foreign body in ear
Penile blister	A penis (plural penises or penes ) is the primary sexual organ that male animals use to inseminate sexually receptive mates (usually females and hermaphrodites) during copulation.
Uterine leiomyoma embolisation	Uterine fibroids, also known as uterine leiomyomas or fibroids, are benign smooth muscle tumors of the uterus.
Mucormycosis	Mucormycosis is any fungal infection caused by fungi in the order Mucorales.
Tendon sheath incision	A tendon sheath is a layer of synovial membrane around a tendon.
Iris injury	Iris injury
Nail growth abnormal	Nail growth abnormal
Solar lentigo	"Liver spots (also known as age spot, solar lentigo, ""lentigo senilis"", ""old age spot"", ""senile freckle"") are blemishes on the skin associated with aging and exposure to ultraviolet radiation from the sun."
Urine alcohol test negative	Urine alcohol test negative
Ebola disease	Ebola virus disease (EVD), also known as Ebola hemorrhagic fever (EHF) or simply Ebola, is a viral hemorrhagic fever of humans and other primates caused by ebolaviruses.
Neuro-ophthalmological test	Neuro-ophthalmological test
Systemic mastocytosis	Mastocytosis, a type of mast cell disease, is a rare disorder affecting both children and adults caused by the accumulation of functionally defective mast cells (also called mastocytes) and CD34+ mast cell precursors.People affected by mastocytosis are susceptible to a variety of symptoms, including itching, hives, and anaphylactic shock, caused by the release of histamine and other pro-inflammatory substances from mast cells.
Reduced facial expression	Reduced facial expression
Oesophageal motility disorder	Oesophageal motility disorder
Sinoscopy	Sinoscopy
Premenstrual dysphoric disorder	Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) is a severe and disabling form of premenstrual syndrome affecting 1.8–5.8% of menstruating women.
Wound contamination	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Peripheral nerve transposition	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Gallbladder polyp	Gallbladder polyps are growths or lesions resembling growths (polypoid lesions) in the wall of the gallbladder.
Impaired fasting glucose	Impaired fasting glucose is a type of prediabetes, in which a person's blood sugar levels during fasting are consistently above the normal range, but below the diagnostic cut-off for a formal diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
Tumour rupture	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Tear break up time test	Dry eye syndrome (DES), also known as keratoconjunctivitis sicca (KCS), is the condition of having dry eyes.
Uterine malposition	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Tracheostomy infection	Tracheotomy (, UK also ), or tracheostomy, is a surgical procedure which consists of making an incision (cut) on the anterior aspect (front) of the neck and opening a direct airway through an incision in the trachea (windpipe).
Iron binding capacity unsaturated	Total iron-binding capacity (TIBC) or sometimes transferring iron-binding capacity is a medical laboratory test that measures the blood's capacity to bind iron with transferrin.
Rhinoscopy	A Rhinoscope (or Nasoscope) is a thin, tube-like instrument used to examine the inside of the nose.
Tri-iodothyronine free	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Tethered cord syndrome	Tethered cord syndrome (TCS) refers to a group of neurological disorders that relate to malformations of the spinal cord.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome	Vogt–Koyanagi–Harada disease (VKH) is a multisystem disease of presumed autoimmune cause that affects pigmented tissues, which have melanin.
Hepatic vein thrombosis	Budd–Chiari syndrome is a very rare condition, affecting one in a million adults.
Corneal pigmentation	The cornea is the transparent front part of the eye that covers the iris, pupil, and anterior chamber.
Retinal laser coagulation	Retinal laser coagulation
Cortisol free urine decreased	Cortisol free urine decreased
Pulmonary arterial pressure	A pulmonary artery is an artery in the pulmonary circulation that carries deoxygenated blood from the right side of the heart to the lungs.
Embolism arterial	An embolism is the lodging of an embolus, a blockage-causing piece of material, inside a blood vessel.
White blood cell scan	The indium white blood cell scan, is a nuclear medicine procedure in which white blood cells (mostly neutrophils) are removed from the patient, tagged with the radioisotope Indium-111, and then injected intravenously into the patient.
Renal cell carcinoma	Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is a kidney cancer that originates in the lining of the proximal convoluted tubule, a part of the very small tubes in the kidney that transport primary urine.
Withdrawal of life support	Withdrawal of life support
Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia test	Heparin-induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) is the development of thrombocytopenia (a low platelet count), due to the administration of various forms of heparin, an anticoagulant.
Right ventricular dysfunction	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Cytomegalovirus antibody	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Rift Valley fever	Rift Valley fever (RVF) is a viral disease that can cause mild to severe symptoms.
Plasma cell disorder	Plasma cells, also called plasma B cells, are white blood cells that originate in the bone marrow and secrete large quantities of proteins called antibodies in response to being presented specific substances called antigens.
Starvation	Starvation is a severe deficiency in caloric energy intake, below the level needed to maintain an organism's life.
Umbilical cord short	In placental mammals, the umbilical cord (also called the navel string, birth cord or funiculus umbilicalis) is a conduit between the developing embryo or fetus and the placenta.
Plasminogen activator inhibitor increased	Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) also known as endothelial plasminogen activator inhibitor or serpin E1 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SERPINE1 gene.
Portoenterostomy	Portoenterostomy
Laryngeal cyst removal	Laryngeal cysts are cysts involving the larynx or more frequently supraglottic locations, such as epiglottis and vallecula.
Rubella immunity confirmed	Rubella immunity confirmed
Uterine cervical squamous metaplasia	Uterine cervical squamous metaplasia
Umbilical granuloma	Umbilical granuloma, is the most common umbilical abnormality in neonates, causing inflammation and drainage.
Uterine infection	Endometritis is inflammation of the inner lining of the uterus (endometrium).
Virus tissue specimen test negative	Virus tissue specimen test negative
Thymectomy	A thymectomy is an operation to remove the thymus.
Resorption bone increased	Resorption bone increased
Short-bowel syndrome	Short-bowel syndrome
Otic examination	The otic ganglion is a small  parasympathetic ganglion located immediately below the foramen ovale in the infratemporal fossa and on the medial surface of the mandibular nerve.
Smoke sensitivity	Smoke  is a collection of airborne solid and liquid particulates and gases emitted when a material undergoes combustion or pyrolysis, together with the quantity of air that is entrained or otherwise mixed into the mass.
Sweat chloride test	Sweat chloride test
Ureaplasma infection	Ureaplasma urealyticum infection is a type of urinary tract infection that can be sexually transmitted.
Premature ageing	Preterm birth, also known as premature birth, is the birth of a baby at fewer than 37 weeks' gestational age, as opposed to the usual about 40 weeks.
pH urine increased	pH urine increased
Renal artery stenosis	Renal artery stenosis is the narrowing of one of the renal arteries, most often caused by atherosclerosis or fibromuscular dysplasia.
Vaginal examination abnormal	The Papanicolaou test (abbreviated as Pap test, also known as Pap smear, cervical smear, cervical screening or smear test) is a method of cervical screening used to detect potentially precancerous and cancerous processes in the cervix (opening of the uterus or womb).
Urobilin urine absent	Urobilin urine absent
Sperm count decreased	"A semen analysis (plural: semen analyses), also called ""seminogram"" evaluates certain characteristics of a male's semen and the sperm contained therein."
Vitamin B12 abnormal	Vitamin B12, also known as cobalamin, is a water-soluble vitamin involved in the metabolism of every cell of the human body: it is a cofactor in DNA synthesis, and in both fatty acid and amino acid metabolism.
Excitability	Excitability
Volume blood increased	Volume blood increased
Osteochondroma	Osteochondromas are the most common benign tumors of the bones.
Hypervitaminosis	Hypervitaminosis is a condition of abnormally high storage levels of vitamins, which can lead to toxic symptoms.
Gallbladder pain	In vertebrates, the gallbladder is a small hollow organ where bile is stored and concentrated before it is released into the small intestine.
Traumatic liver injury	A liver injury, also known as liver laceration, is some form of trauma sustained to the liver.
Somnolence neonatal	"Somnolence (alternatively ""sleepiness"" or ""drowsiness"") is a state of strong desire for sleep, or sleeping for unusually long periods (compare hypersomnia)."
Vision abnormal neonatal	Vision abnormal neonatal
Sigmoidoscopy	"Sigmoidoscopy (from the Greek term for letter ""s/ς"" + ""eidos"" + ""scopy"": namely, to look inside an ""s""/""ς""-like object) is the minimally invasive medical examination of the large intestine from the rectum through the nearest part of the colon, the sigmoid colon."
Uncinate fits	The uncus is an anterior extremity of the parahippocampal gyrus.
Vulvovaginitis	Vaginitis, also known as vulvovaginitis, is inflammation of the vagina and vulva.
Gigantism	"Gigantism (Greek γίγας, gígas, ""giant"", plural γίγαντες, gígantes), also known as giantism, is a condition characterized by excessive growth and height significantly above average."
Nodular vasculitis	Nodular vasculitis is a skin condition characterized by crops of small, tender, erythematous nodules on the legs, mostly on the calves and shins.
Pallanaesthesia	Pallanaesthesia
Somatisation disorder	Somatization disorder is a mental disorder characterized by recurring, multiple, and current, clinically significant complaints about somatic symptoms.
Free fatty acids	In chemistry, particularly in biochemistry, a fatty acid is a carboxylic acid with a long aliphatic chain, which is either saturated or unsaturated.
Wound debridement	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Reticulocyte percentage decreased	Reticulocyte percentage decreased
Non-smoker	Smoking is a practice in which a substance is burned and the resulting smoke breathed in to be tasted and absorbed into the bloodstream.
Chlamydia serology negative	Chlamydia serology negative
Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography normal	Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is a technique that combines the use of endoscopy and fluoroscopy to diagnose and treat certain problems of the biliary or pancreatic ductal systems.
Reticulocyte count decreased	Reticulocytes are immature red blood cells (RBCs).
Otorhinolaryngological surgery	Otorhinolaryngology  (also called otolaryngology or otolaryngology–head and neck surgery) is a surgical subspecialty within medicine that deals with conditions of the ear, nose, and throat (ENT) and related structures of the head and neck.
pH urine	In chemistry, pH () is a scale used to specify how acidic or basic a water-based solution is.
Immune agglutinins	In biology,  Immune is the balanced state of multicellular organisms having adequate biological defenses to fight infection, disease, or other unwanted biological invasion, while having adequate tolerance to avoid allergy, and autoimmune diseases.
Lactate pyruvate ratio abnormal	Lactate pyruvate ratio abnormal
CSF measles antibody positive	CSF measles antibody positive
Ileocolostomy	Ileocolostomy
Radicular syndrome	Radiculopathy, also commonly referred to as pinched nerve, refers to a set of conditions in which one or more nerves are affected and do not work properly (a neuropathy).
Phenylalanine screen negative	Phenylalanine screen negative
Echovirus test	An ECHO (enteric cytopathic human orphan) virus is a type of RNA virus that belongs to the species Enterovirus B, genus Enterovirus of the Picornaviridae family.
Rectal obstruction	The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Cerebral vasoconstriction	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Light chain analysis normal	Light chain analysis normal
Hypopyon	Hypopyon is a medical condition involving inflammatory cells in the anterior chamber of the eye.
Pericardial cyst	There are two pericardial sinuses: transverse and oblique.
Ovarian mass	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Hyperfibrinogenaemia	Hyperfibrinogenaemia
Right ventricular hypertrophy	Right ventricular hypertrophy (RVH) is a condition defined by an abnormal enlargement of the cardiac muscle surrounding the right ventricle.
Transverse sinus thrombosis	Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) is the presence of a blood clot in the dural venous sinuses, which drain blood from the brain.
Spinal cord injury thoracic	A spinal cord injury (SCI) is damage to the spinal cord that causes temporary or permanent changes in its function.
Electrocardiogram low voltage	Electrocardiogram low voltage
Thoracoplasty	Scoliosis is a medical condition in which a person's spine has a sideways curve.
Cystogram abnormal	In radiology and urology, a cystography is a procedure used to visualise the urinary bladder.
Skeletal dysplasia	"Osteochondrodysplasia is a general term for a disorder of the development (dysplasia) of bone (""osteo"") and cartilage (""chondro"").Osteochondrodysplasias are rare diseases."
Osteopathic treatment	Osteopathy is a type of alternative medicine that emphasizes physical manipulation of muscle tissue and bones.
Contracted bladder	Contracted bladder
Total bile acids	Total bile acids
Unemployment	"Unemployment, according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), is when persons above a specified age (usually above 15) are not in paid employment or self-employment and are currently available for work during the reference period.Unemployment is measured by the unemployment rate as the number of persons who are unemployed as a percentage of the labour force (the total number of people employed plus unemployed).Unemployment can have many sources like this: 

new technologies and inventions
the status of the economy which could be influenced by a recession
competition due to globalization and international trade
policies of the government
regulation and marketUnemployment and the status of the economy can be influenced by a country through for example fiscal policy."
Cholangiocarcinoma	Cholangiocarcinoma, also known as bile duct cancer, is a type of cancer that forms in the bile ducts.
Cardiac valve sclerosis	A heart valve normally allows blood to flow in only one direction through the heart.
Gastrointestinal mucosal disorder	Gastrointestinal mucosal disorder
Thyroiditis chronic	Thyroiditis is the inflammation of the thyroid gland.
Peripheral nerve destruction	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Spastic paraplegia	Hereditary spastic paraplegia (HSP) is a group of inherited diseases whose main feature is a progressive gait disorder.
Coronary artery perforation	The coronary arteries are the blood vessels (arteries) of coronary circulation, which transports oxygenated blood to the substance of the heart.
Oral allergy syndrome	Oral allergy syndrome (OAS) is a type of food allergy classified by a cluster of allergic reactions in the mouth and throat in response to eating certain (usually fresh) fruits, nuts, and vegetables that typically develops in adults with hay fever.OAS is not a separate food allergy, but rather represents cross-reactivity between distant remnants of tree or weed pollen still found in certain fruits and vegetables.
Postoperative fever	Postoperative fever refers to an elevated body temperature (≥ 38.5°C) occurring after a recent surgical procedure.
Microgenia	"Microgenia is the medical term for an unusually small or deformed chin.The contrasting condition, an enlarged chin, is called ""macrogenia""."
Congenital aural fistula	Congenital aural fistula
Turner's syndrome	Turner syndrome (TS), also known 45,X, or 45,X0, is a genetic condition in which a female is partly or completely missing an X chromosome.
Femoral neck fracture	The femur neck (femoral neck or neck of the femur) is a flattened pyramidal process of bone, connecting the femoral head with the femoral shaft, and forming with the latter a wide angle opening medialward.
Coagulation factor IX level	Factor IX (or Christmas factor) (EC 3.4.21.22) is one of the serine proteases of the coagulation system; it belongs to peptidase family S1.
Peritonitis bacterial	Peritonitis is inflammation of the peritoneum, the lining of the inner wall of the abdomen and cover of the abdominal organs.
Vitamin K decreased	Vitamin K is a group of structurally similar, fat-soluble vitamins found in foods and in dietary supplements.
Moyamoya disease	Moyamoya disease is a disease in which certain arteries in the brain are constricted.
Surfactant protein increased	Surfactant protein increased
Myocardial oedema	Cardiac muscle (also called heart muscle or myocardium) is one of three types of vertebrate muscles, with the other two being skeletal and smooth muscles.
Hyperandrogenism	Hyperandrogenism is a medical condition characterized by high levels of androgens in females.
Crystal arthropathy	Crystal arthropathy is a class of joint disorder (called arthropathy) that is characterized by accumulation of tiny crystals in one or more joints.
Dengue virus test negative	Dengue virus test negative
Plasma viscosity abnormal	Plasma viscosity abnormal
Prohormone brain natriuretic peptide increased	Prohormone brain natriuretic peptide increased
Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography abnormal	Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is a technique that combines the use of endoscopy and fluoroscopy to diagnose and treat certain problems of the biliary or pancreatic ductal systems.
Platelet aggregation	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Thermometry normal	Temperature measurement, also known as thermometry, describes the process of measuring a current local temperature for immediate or later evaluation.
Mineral supplementation	A mineral is, broadly speaking, a solid chemical compound that occurs naturally in pure form.
Coagulation factor XII level normal	Coagulation factor XII level normal
Scan adrenal gland normal	Scan adrenal gland normal
Opticokinetic nystagmus tests normal	Opticokinetic nystagmus tests normal
Prothrombin time ratio increased	Prothrombin time ratio increased
Neurone-specific enolase decreased	Neurone-specific enolase decreased
Vaccination site coldness	Vaccination site coldness
Congenital thrombocytopenia	A birth defect, also known as a congenital disorder, is a condition present at birth regardless of its cause.
Suicide threat	Suicide is the act of intentionally causing one's own death.
Coagulation factor VII level	Factor VII (EC 3.4.21.21, blood-coagulation factor VIIa, activated blood coagulation factor VII, formerly known as proconvertin) is one of the proteins that causes blood to clot in the coagulation cascade.
Urine calcium	Urinary calcium is calcium in the urine.
Forced vital capacity decreased	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Uterine haematoma	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Hepatic hypertrophy	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
Blood chromogranin A increased	Blood chromogranin A increased
Multiple sclerosis plaque	Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
Uterine polyp	An endometrial polyp or uterine polyp is a mass in the inner lining of the uterus.
Keratouveitis	Keratouveitis
Hyperkinetic heart syndrome	Hyperkinetic heart syndrome
Lewis-Sumner syndrome	Chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy is an acquired immune-mediated inflammatory disorder of the peripheral nervous system.
Neuropsychiatric lupus	Neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus or NPSLE refers to the neurological and psychiatric manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus.
Hyperferritinaemia	Ferritin is a universal intracellular protein that stores iron and releases it in a controlled fashion.
Drug-disease interaction	Drug-disease interaction
Middle ear disorder	The middle ear is the portion of the ear internal to the eardrum, and external to the oval window of the inner ear.
Transferrin receptor assay	Transferrin receptor (TfR) is a carrier protein for transferrin.
CD25 antigen positive	CD25 antigen positive
Cystatin C	Cystatin C or cystatin 3 (formerly gamma trace, post-gamma-globulin, or neuroendocrine basic polypeptide), a protein encoded by the CST3 gene, is mainly used as a biomarker of kidney function.
Kounis syndrome	Kounis syndrome is defined as acute coronary syndrome (symptoms such as chest pain relating to reduced blood flow to the heart) caused by an allergic reaction or a strong immune reaction to a drug or other substance.
Ultrasound uterus normal	Ultrasound uterus normal
Gastric pH increased	Gastric pH increased
Hydromyelia	Hydromyelia
Erythroblast count increased	Erythroblast count increased
Personal relationship issue	An intimate relationship is an interpersonal relationship that involves physical or emotional intimacy.
Macula thickness measurement	Macula thickness measurement
Hearing disability	Hearing loss, also known as hearing impairment, is a partial or total inability to hear.
Carotid arteriosclerosis	In anatomy, the left and right common carotid arteries (carotids) (English:  ) are arteries that supply the head and neck with oxygenated blood; they divide in the neck to form the external and internal carotid arteries.
Hypotony of eye	Hypotony of eye
Infusion related reaction	Infusion related reaction
Vestibular migraine	Vestibular migraine (VM) is vertigo associated with a migraine, either as a symptom of migraine or as a related but neurological disorder; when referred to as a disease unto itself.
Computerised tomogram coronary artery normal	Computerised tomogram coronary artery normal
Scan myocardial perfusion	Scan myocardial perfusion
Environmental exposure	A biophysical  environment is a biotic and abiotic surrounding of an organism or population, and consequently includes the factors that have an influence in their survival, development, and evolution.
HIV antigen positive	HIV antigen positive
Ureteral stent insertion	A ureteral stent (pronounced you-REE-ter-ul), or ureteric stent, is a thin tube inserted into the ureter to prevent or treat obstruction of the urine flow from the kidney.
Tandem gait test abnormal	Tandem gait test abnormal
Systolic dysfunction	Heart failure (HF), also known as congestive heart failure (CHF) and congestive cardiac failure (CCF), is when the  heart is unable to pump sufficiently to maintain blood flow to meet the body's needs.
Tumour pain	A neoplasm () is a type of abnormal and excessive growth, called neoplasia, of tissue.
Superior sagittal sinus thrombosis	Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) is the presence of a blood clot in the dural venous sinuses, which drain blood from the brain.
Sinobronchitis	Sinobronchitis
Thyroid stimulating immunoglobulin increased	Graves' disease, also known as toxic diffuse goiter, is an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid.
UV light therapy	Ultraviolet  (UV) is electromagnetic radiation with wavelength from 10 nm  to 400 nm, shorter than that of visible light but longer than X-rays.
Lymphatic obstruction	"Lymph (from Latin, lympha meaning ""water"")  is the fluid that flows through the lymphatic system, a system composed of lymph vessels (channels) and intervening lymph nodes whose function, like the venous system, is to return fluid from the tissues to the central circulation."
Vitamin B12 absorption test normal	Vitamin B12 absorption test normal
Urine aluminium	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Red blood cell nucleated morphology present	Red blood cell nucleated morphology present
Mucosal pigmentation	A mucous membrane or mucosa is a membrane that lines various cavities in the body and covers the surface of internal organs.
Palisaded neutrophilic granulomatous dermatitis	Palisaded neutrophilic granulomatous dermatitis
Typhus rickettsia test	Typhus rickettsia test
Rheumatoid lung	Rheumatism or rheumatic disorders are conditions causing chronic, often intermittent pain affecting the joints or connective tissue.
Nasal herpes	Nasal herpes
Red cell distribution width normal	Red cell distribution width normal
Gastrointestinal gangrene	The gastrointestinal tract (digestive tract, digestional tract, GI tract, GIT, gut, or alimentary canal) is an organ system within humans and other animals which takes in food, digests it to extract and absorb energy and nutrients, and expels the remaining waste as feces.
Pulmonary vascular disorder	Pulmonary vascular disorder
Oesophageal irritation	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Biomedical photography	Biomedicine (i.e.
Status migrainosus	A migraine is a primary headache disorder characterized by recurrent headaches that are moderate to severe.
Light chain analysis increased	Light chain analysis increased
Oophorectomy bilateral	Oophorectomy  (from Greek ᾠοφόρος, ōophóros, 'egg-bearing' + ἐκτομή, ektomḗ, 'a cutting out of') is the surgical removal of an ovary or ovaries.
Urine calcium/creatinine ratio	Urine calcium/creatinine ratio
Viral sinusitis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Tandem gait test	Tandem gait is a gait (method of walking or running) where the toes of the back foot touch the heel of the front foot at each step.
Obsessive rumination	Obsessive rumination
Theft	In common usage, theft is the taking of another person's property or services without that person's permission or consent with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it.
Interferon gamma normal	Interferon gamma (IFNγ) is a dimerized soluble cytokine that is the only member of the type II class of interferons.
High density lipoprotein	High-density lipoprotein (HDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoproteins.
Sinonasal papilloma	Sinonasal papilloma
Scan myocardial perfusion normal	Scan myocardial perfusion normal
Pleural calcification	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Urine leukocyte esterase	Urine leukocyte esterase
End-tidal CO2 abnormal	End-tidal CO2 abnormal
Multiple fractures	Multiple fractures
Senile osteoporosis	Senile osteoporosis, has been recently recognized as a geriatric syndrome with a particular pathophysiology.
Spleen palpable	The spleen is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates.
Protein S decreased	Protein S (also known as S-Protein) is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein synthesized in the liver.
Urine oxalate	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Peyronie's disease	Peyronie's disease is a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis.
Parasitic gastroenteritis	In evolutionary biology, parasitism is a relationship between species, where one organism, the parasite, lives on or in another organism, the host, causing it some harm, and is adapted structurally to this way of life.
Urine phosphate decreased	Urine phosphate decreased
Hodgkin's disease stage III	Hodgkin's disease stage III
Renal scan	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Paget-Schroetter syndrome	Paget–Schroetter disease, is a form of upper extremity deep vein thrombosis (DVT), a medical condition in which blood clots form in the deep veins of the arms.
Tetanus antibody negative	Tetanus antibody negative
Fracture malunion	A fracture is the separation of an object or material into two or more pieces under the action of stress.
Self esteem decreased	Self-esteem is an individual's subjective evaluation of their own worth.
Subclavian artery stenosis	In human anatomy, the subclavian arteries are paired major arteries of the upper thorax, below the clavicle.
Umbilical cord compression	Umbilical cord compression is the obstruction of blood flow through the umbilical cord secondary to pressure from an external object or misalignment of the cord itself.
pH urine abnormal	pH urine abnormal
Self mutilation	Self-harm, also known as self-injury, is defined as the intentional, direct injuring of body tissue, done without the intent to commit suicide.
Foot prosthesis user	Foot prosthesis user
Vena cava injury	"The venae cavae (; from the Latin for ""hollow veins"", singular ""vena cava"" ) are two large veins (venous trunks) that return deoxygenated blood from the body into the heart."
Stress ulcer	A stress ulcer is a single or multiple mucosal defect which can become complicated by upper gastrointestinal bleeding or physiologic stress.
Serum serotonin increased	Serum serotonin increased
Phlebitis deep	Phlebitis or venitis is the inflammation of a vein, usually in the legs.
Salivary gland neoplasm	Salivary gland tumours  or neoplasms are tumours that form in the tissues of salivary glands.
Pupillary deformity	The pupil is a black hole located in the center of the iris of the eye that allows light to strike the retina.
Hyposideraemia	Hyposideraemia
Salivary duct inflammation	A salivary duct is a duct which brings saliva from a salivary gland to part of the digestive tract.
Coagulation factor XI level decreased	Coagulation factor XI level decreased
Malaria antibody positive	Malaria antibody positive
Yersinia serology	Yersinia is a genus of bacteria in the family Yersiniaceae.
Body height above normal	Body height above normal
Iris coloboma	Iris coloboma
Retinopathy of prematurity	Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), also called retrolental fibroplasia (RLF) and Terry syndrome, is a disease of the eye affecting prematurely born babies generally having received intensive neonatal care, in which oxygen therapy is used on them due to the premature development of their lungs.
Neurological eyelid disorder	Neurological eyelid disorder
Ultrasound biliary tract normal	Ultrasound biliary tract normal
Haemorrhagic anaemia	Bleeding, also known as a hemorrhage or haemorrhage, is blood escaping from the circulatory system from damaged blood vessels.
pH urine decreased	pH urine decreased
Ganglioneuroma	Ganglioneuroma is a rare and benign tumor of the autonomic nerve fibers arising from neural crest sympathogonia, which are completely undifferentiated cells of the sympathetic nervous system.
Blood amino acid level normal	Blood amino acid level normal
Oestradiol normal	Estradiol (E2), also spelled oestradiol, is an estrogen steroid hormone and the major female sex hormone.
Tuberculosis test negative	Tuberculosis test negative
Snake bite	A snakebite is an injury caused by the bite of a snake, especially a venomous snake.
Interferon gamma receptor deficiency	The interferon-gamma receptor (IFNGR) protein complex is the heterodimer of two chains:  IFNGR1 and IFNGR2.
Spinal cord injury lumbar	A spinal cord injury (SCI) is damage to the spinal cord that causes temporary or permanent changes in its function.
Transaminases decreased	Transaminases or aminotransferases are enzymes that catalyze a transamination reaction between an amino acid and an α-keto acid.
Deoxypyridinoline urine increased	Deoxypyridinoline urine increased
Pancreatic pseudocyst	A pancreatic pseudocyst is a circumscribed collection of fluid rich in pancreatic enzymes, blood, and necrotic tissue, typically located in the lesser sac of the abdomen.
Crystal urine absent	Crystal urine absent
Mitochondrial DNA deletion	Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA or mDNA) is the DNA located in mitochondria, cellular organelles within eukaryotic cells that convert chemical energy from food into a form that cells can use, adenosine triphosphate (ATP).
Glutamate dehydrogenase level normal	Glutamate dehydrogenase level normal
Pneumonitis chemical	Pneumonitis is an inflammation of lung tissue due to factors other than microorganisms.
Infective exacerbation of chronic obstructive airways disease	Infective exacerbation of chronic obstructive airways disease
Diabetes with hyperosmolarity	Diabetic coma is a reversible form of coma found in people with diabetes mellitus.
Venous pressure jugular	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Mesenteric lymphadenopathy	The mesentery is a contiguous set of tissues that attaches the intestines to the posterior abdominal wall in humans and is formed by the double fold of peritoneum.
Frontotemporal dementia	The frontotemporal dementias (FTD) encompass six types of dementia involving the frontal or temporal lobes.
Nikolsky's sign	Nikolsky's sign is a clinical dermatological sign, named after Pyotr Nikolsky (1858–1940), a Russian physician who trained and worked in the Russian Empire.
Synovial fluid cell count	Synovial fluid cell count
Metamyelocyte percentage	A metamyelocyte is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a myelocyte, and leading to a band cell.
Liver palpable subcostal	Liver palpable subcostal
Sciatic nerve palsy	The  sciatic nerve, also called the ischiadic or ischiadic nerve, is a large nerve in humans and other vertebrate animals which begins in the lower part of the sacral plexus and runs through the hip joint and down the lower limb.
Proctosigmoidoscopy abnormal	"Sigmoidoscopy (from the Greek term for letter ""s/ς"" + ""eidos"" + ""scopy"": namely, to look inside an ""s""/""ς""-like object) is the minimally invasive medical examination of the large intestine from the rectum through the nearest part of the colon, the sigmoid colon."
Megakaryocytes decreased	"A megakaryocyte (mega- + karyo- + -cyte, ""large-nucleus cell"") is a large bone marrow cell with a lobated nucleus responsible for the production of blood thrombocytes (platelets), which are necessary for normal blood clotting."
Von Willebrand's factor activity test	Von Willebrand's factor activity test
Inferiority complex	An inferiority complex consists of feelings of not measuring up to standards,  a doubt and uncertainty about oneself, and a lack of self-esteem.
Deficiency anaemia	In medicine, a deficiency is a lack or shortage of a functional entity, by less than normal or necessary supply or function.
Biopsy small intestine normal	Biopsy small intestine normal
Pulmonary arterial pressure increased	Pulmonary arterial pressure increased
Ilium fracture	Ilium fracture
Hyper IgE syndrome	Hyperimmunoglobulinemia E syndrome (HIES), of which the autosomal dominant form is called Job's syndrome or Buckley syndrome,  is a heterogeneous group of immune disorders.
Catheter culture positive	Catheter culture positive
Microangiopathic haemolytic anaemia	Microangiopathic hemolytic anemia (MAHA) is a microangiopathic subgroup of hemolytic anemia (loss of red blood cells through destruction) caused by factors in the small blood vessels.
Reflexology	Reflexology, also known as zone therapy, is  an alternative medicine involving application of pressure to the feet and hands with specific thumb, finger, and hand techniques without the use of oil or lotion.
Tissue discolouration	In biology, tissue is a cellular organisational level between cells and a complete organ.
Periostitis	Periostitis, also known as periostalgia, is a medical condition caused by inflammation of the periosteum, a layer of connective tissue that surrounds bone.
PO2 increased	Petty officer, 2nd class, AKA PO2, is a Naval non-commissioned member rank of the Canadian Forces.
Venoocclusive disease	Hepatic veno-occlusive disease or veno-occlusive disease with immunodeficiency (VODI) is a condition in which some of the small veins in the liver are obstructed.
Necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum	Necrobiosis lipoidica is a necrotising skin condition that usually occurs in patients with diabetes mellitus but can also be associated with rheumatoid arthritis.
Infantile septic granulomatosis	Infantile septic granulomatosis
Impatience	Patience (or forbearance) is the ability to endure difficult circumstances such as perseverance in the face of delay; tolerance of provocation without responding in annoyance/anger; or forbearance when under strain, especially when faced with longer-term difficulties.
Blood thrombin	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Lupus enteritis	Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), also known simply as lupus, is an autoimmune disease in which the body's immune system mistakenly attacks healthy tissue in many parts of the body.
Oral mucosal hypertrophy	Oral mucosal hypertrophy
Immunoglobulin G4 related disease	Immunoglobulin G4 related disease
Parasite tissue specimen test negative	Parasite tissue specimen test negative
Ventricular flutter	Ventricular flutter is an arrhythmia, more specifically a tachycardia affecting the ventricles with a rate over 250-350 beats/min, and one of the most indiscernible.
Oesophageal anastomosis	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Porphyria non-acute	Porphyria is a group of diseases in which substances called porphyrins build up, negatively affecting the skin or nervous system.
Subretinal fluid	Subretinal fluid
Ophthalmia neonatorum	Neonatal conjunctivitis, is a form of conjunctivitis and a type of neonatal infection contracted by newborns during delivery.
Factor XIII deficiency	Factor XIII deficiency occurs exceedingly rarely, causing a severe bleeding tendency.
Lysozyme increased	Lysozyme, also known as muramidase or N-acetylmuramide glycanhydrolase, is an antimicrobial enzyme produced by animals that forms part of the innate immune system.
Vulvovaginal ulceration	In mammals, the vagina is the elastic, muscular part of the female genital tract.
Pneumatosis	Pneumatosis, also known as emphysema, is the abnormal presence of air or other gas within tissues.
Non-24-hour sleep-wake disorder	Non-24-hour sleep–wake disorder (non-24 or N24SWD) is one of several chronic circadian rhythm sleep disorders (CRSDs).
Pelvic fracture	A pelvic fracture is a break of the bony structure of the pelvis.
Myelocyte count	A myelocyte is a young cell of the granulocytic series, occurring normally in bone marrow (can be found in circulating blood when caused by certain diseases).
Urethral stenosis	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Psychogenic visual disorder	Psychogenic visual disorder
Ultrasound biliary tract abnormal	Ultrasound biliary tract abnormal
Testicular retraction	Testicle or testis is the male reproductive gland or gonad in all animals, including humans.
Electrocardiogram T wave peaked	Electrocardiogram T wave peaked
Genotype drug resistance test	Genotype drug resistance test
SeHCAT test	SeHCAT (23-seleno-25-homotaurocholic acid, selenium homocholic acid taurine, or tauroselcholic acid) is a drug used in a clinical test to diagnose bile acid malabsorption.
End-tidal CO2	End-tidal CO2
Sitophobia	Anorexia nervosa, often referred to simply as anorexia, is an eating disorder, characterized by low weight, food restriction, fear of gaining weight, and a strong desire to be thin.
Tooth socket haemorrhage	Dental alveoli (singular alveolus) are sockets in the jaws in which the roots of teeth are held in the alveolar process with the periodontal ligament.
Cytomegalovirus viraemia	"Cytomegalovirus (CMV) (from the Greek cyto-, ""cell,"" and megalo-, ""large"") is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae."
Natural killer cell count	Natural killer cells, or NK cells, are a type of cytotoxic lymphocyte critical to the innate immune system.
Left ventricular dilatation	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Needle biopsy site unspecified normal	Needle biopsy site unspecified normal
Social (pragmatic) communication disorder	Social (pragmatic) communication disorder
Nail picking	Nail picking
Blood magnesium abnormal	Blood magnesium abnormal
Nail injury	Nail injury
Lipase abnormal	A lipase (, ) is any enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of fats (lipids).
Human ehrlichiosis	Humans (Homo sapiens) are the only extant members of the subtribe Hominina.
CSF myelin basic protein abnormal	CSF myelin basic protein abnormal
Retinopexy	Retinal detachment is a disorder of the eye in which the retina separates from the layer underneath.
Schizoid personality disorder	Schizoid personality disorder (, often abbreviated as SPD or SzPD) is a personality disorder characterized by a lack of interest in social relationships, a tendency towards a solitary or sheltered lifestyle, secretiveness, emotional coldness, detachment and apathy.
Biopsy pericardium abnormal	Biopsy pericardium abnormal
Gastrointestinal stromal tumour	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) are the most common mesenchymal neoplasms of the gastrointestinal tract.
Streptococcal abscess	Streptococcus is a genus of gram-positive coccus (plural cocci) or spherical bacteria that belongs to the family Streptococcaceae, within the order Lactobacillales (lactic acid bacteria), in the phylum Firmicutes.
Sensory level normal	Sensory level normal
Urobilinogen urine increased	Urobilinogen urine increased
Cerebral decompression	A brain is an organ that serves as the center of the nervous system in all vertebrate and most invertebrate animals.
Urine mercury	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Urine uric acid increased	Urine uric acid increased
Hypercreatinaemia	Hypercreatinaemia
Mastoid effusion	Otitis media is a group of inflammatory diseases of the middle ear.
Thyroid gland abscess	The thyroid gland, or simply the thyroid, is an endocrine gland in the neck, consisting of two lobes connected by an isthmus.
Oesophagoscopy	Esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD; ), also called by various other names, is a diagnostic endoscopic procedure that visualizes the upper part of the gastrointestinal tract down to the duodenum.
Transfusion reaction	Blood transfusion is the process of transferring blood or blood products into one's circulation intravenously.
Oesophageal rupture	Esophageal rupture  is a rupture of the esophageal wall.
Scan bone marrow normal	Scan bone marrow normal
Protein S increased	Protein S (also known as S-Protein) is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein synthesized in the liver.
Gastritis atrophic	Gastritis is inflammation of the lining of the stomach.
Metanephrine urine normal	Metanephrine urine normal
Chondrosarcoma	Chondrosarcoma is a cancer composed of cells derived from transformed cells that produce cartilage.
Vitamin A normal	Vitamin A is a group of unsaturated nutritional organic compounds that includes retinol, retinal, retinoic acid, and several provitamin A carotenoids (most notably beta-carotene).
Pancreas transplant	A pancreas transplant is an organ transplant that involves implanting a healthy pancreas (one that can produce insulin) into a person who usually has diabetes.
Ultrasound testes abnormal	Ultrasound testes abnormal
Catheter site haemorrhage	Catheter site haemorrhage
Protein S deficiency	Protein S deficiency is a disorder associated with increased risk of venous thrombosis.
Histone antibody negative	Histone antibody negative
Pulmonary valve repair	The pulmonary valve (sometimes referred to as the pulmonic valve) is the semilunar valve of the heart that lies between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery and has three cusps.
Venipuncture	In medicine, venipuncture or venepuncture is the process of obtaining intravenous access for the purpose of intravenous therapy or for blood sampling of venous blood.
Haemoglobin S	Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of blood disorders typically inherited from a person's parents.
Exposure to noise	Exposure to noise
Phlebotomy	Phlebotomy is the process of making a puncture in a vein with a needle, for the purpose of taking blood.
Epidermal growth factor receptor decreased	The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR; ErbB-1; HER1 in humans) is a transmembrane protein that is a receptor for members of the epidermal growth factor family (EGF family) of extracellular protein ligands.The epidermal growth factor receptor is a member of the ErbB family of receptors, a subfamily of four closely related receptor tyrosine kinases: EGFR (ErbB-1), HER2/neu (ErbB-2), Her 3 (ErbB-3) and Her 4 (ErbB-4).
Nerve root injury	A nerve root (Latin: radix nervi) is the initial segment of a nerve leaving the central nervous system.
Hepatitis A virus	Hepatitis A is an infectious disease of the liver caused by Hepatovirus A (HAV).
Tarsal tunnel syndrome	Tarsal tunnel syndrome (TTS),  is a compression neuropathy and painful foot condition in which the tibial nerve is compressed as it travels through the tarsal tunnel.
Nitrate compound therapy	Nitrate compound therapy
Low density lipoprotein abnormal	Low-density lipoprotein (LDL) is one of the five major groups of lipoprotein which transport all fat molecules around the body in the extracellular water.
Glomerular filtration rate abnormal	Renal function is an indication of the kidney's condition and its role in renal physiology.
Oesophageal haemorrhage	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Sleep walking	Sleepwalking, also known as somnambulism or noctambulism, is a phenomenon of combined sleep and wakefulness.
Prostatic adenoma	On either side of the urethral crest is a slightly depressed fossa, the prostatic sinus, the floor of which is perforated by numerous apertures, the orifices of the prostatic ducts from the lateral lobes of the prostate.
Inspiratory capacity normal	Inspiratory capacity normal
Smooth muscle antibody	Smooth muscle is an involuntary non-striated muscle.
Oscillopsia	Yettus disease is a visual disturbance in which objects in the visual field appear to oscillate.
Cryptococcus antigen	"Cryptococcus (Greek for ""hidden sphere"") is a genus of fungi, which grow in culture as yeasts."
Williams syndrome	Williams syndrome (WS) is a genetic disorder that affects many parts of the body.
Eosinophil cationic protein	Eosinophil cationic protein (ECP) also known as ribonuclease 3 is a basic protein located in the eosinophil primary matrix.
Foetal haemoglobin increased	Fetal hemoglobin, or foetal haemoglobin, (also hemoglobin F, HbF, or α2γ2) is the main oxygen transport protein in the human fetus during the last seven months of development in the uterus and persists in the newborn until roughly 2-4 months old.
Shunt blood flow excessive	Shunt blood flow excessive
Peritoneal neoplasm	The peritoneum is the serous membrane forming the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates, such as annelids.
Glutamate dehydrogenase	Glutamate dehydrogenase (GLDH, GDH) is an enzyme, present in most microbes and the mitochondria of eukaryotes, as are some of the other enzymes required for urea synthesis, that converts glutamate to α-ketoglutarate, and vice versa.
Wound necrosis	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Otic examination abnormal	Otic examination abnormal
Pulmonary arterial pressure normal	Pulmonary arterial pressure normal
Vertical talus	Rocker bottom foot, also known as congenital vertical talus, is an anomaly of the foot.
Megaloblasts increased	All vertebrate organisms have hemoglobin-containing cells in their blood, and with the exception of mammals, all of these red blood cells contain a nucleus.
Laryngeal mass	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Keratopathy	Florida keratopathy, also known as Florida spots, is an eye condition characterized by the presence of multiple spots within both corneas.
PUVA	PUVA (psoralen and ultraviolet A) is an ultraviolet light therapy treatment for eczema, psoriasis, graft-versus-host disease, vitiligo, mycosis fungoides, large-plaque parapsoriasis and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma using the sensitizing effects of the drug psoralen.
Renal fusion anomaly	Renal fusion anomaly
Valvuloplasty cardiac	Heart valve repair is a surgical technique used to fix defects in heart valves in valvular heart diseases, and provides an alternative to valve replacement.
Enlarged cerebral perivascular spaces	Enlarged cerebral perivascular spaces
Intertrigo candida	Intertrigo refers to a type of inflammatory rash (dermatitis) of the superficial skin that occurs within a person's body folds.
Walking distance test abnormal	Walking distance test abnormal
Pulmonary toxicity	Pulmonary toxicity is the medical name for side effects on the lungs.
Circulating anticoagulant positive	Circulating anticoagulant positive
Pericardial drainage test abnormal	Pericardial drainage test abnormal
Vestibular nystagmus	"The Vestibular (from Portuguese: vestíbulo, ""entrance hall"") is a competitive examination and is the primary and widespread entrance system used by Brazilian universities to select the students admitted."
Kinesitherapy	"Kinesiotherapy or Kinesitherapy or kinesiatrics, (kinēsis, ""movement"") literally movement therapy, is the therapeutic treatment of disease by passive and active muscular movements (as by massage) and of exercise."
Chylomicron increased	Chylomicrons (from the Greek χυλός, chylos, meaning juice (of plants or animals), and micron, meaning small particle) are lipoprotein particles that consist of triglycerides (85–92%), phospholipids (6–12%), cholesterol (1–3%), and proteins (1–2%).
Von Willebrand's factor antigen abnormal	Von Willebrand's factor antigen abnormal
Hepatorenal syndrome	Hepatorenal syndrome (often abbreviated HRS) is a life-threatening medical condition that consists of rapid deterioration in kidney function in individuals with cirrhosis or fulminant liver failure.
Weber tuning fork test abnormal	Weber tuning fork test abnormal
Carboxyhaemoglobin normal	Carboxyhemoglobin or carboxyhaemoglobin (symbol COHb or HbCO) is a stable complex of carbon monoxide and hemoglobin (Hb) that forms in red blood cells upon contact with carbon monoxide (CO).
Enophthalmos	Enophthalmos is the posterior displacement of the eyeball within the orbit due to changes in the volume of the orbit (bone) relative to its contents (the eyeball and orbital fat), or loss of function of the orbitalis muscle.
Liver scan normal	Liver scan normal
Vestibular function test normal	Vestibular function test normal
Von Willebrand's factor multimers normal	Von Willebrand's factor multimers normal
Synovial fluid crystal	Synovial fluid, also called synovia,[help 1] is a viscous, non-Newtonian fluid found in the cavities of synovial joints.
Mean arterial pressure	In medicine, the mean arterial pressure (MAP) is an average blood pressure in an individual during a single cardiac cycle.
Lymph node tuberculosis	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Spinal manipulation	Spinal manipulation is an intervention performed on spinal articulations which are synovial joints, which is asserted to be therapeutic.
Joint laxity	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Iris neovascularisation	Iris neovascularisation
Retinal function test normal	Retinal function test normal
Gingival erosion	The gums or gingiva (plural: gingivae), consist of the mucosal tissue that lies over the mandible and maxilla inside the mouth.
Sinus node dysfunction	The sinoatrial node (also known as the SA node or the sinus node) is a group of cells located in the wall of the right atrium of the heart.
Urogram	Urogram
Protein albumin ratio abnormal	Protein albumin ratio abnormal
Oesophageal dilation procedure	Oesophageal dilation procedure
Plateletcrit	Plateletcrit
Endocardial fibrosis	Cardiac fibrosis may refer to an abnormal thickening of the heart valves due to inappropriate proliferation of cardiac fibroblasts but more commonly refers to the excess deposition of extracellular matrix in the cardiac muscle.
White blood cell agglutination present	White blood cell agglutination present
Thyroid gland scan abnormal	Thyroid gland scan abnormal
Skin implant	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Foetal haemoglobin	Fetal hemoglobin, or foetal haemoglobin, (also hemoglobin F, HbF, or α2γ2) is the main oxygen transport protein in the human fetus during the last seven months of development in the uterus and persists in the newborn until roughly 2-4 months old.
Portal hypertension	Portal hypertension is hypertension (high blood pressure) in the hepatic portal system – made up of the portal vein and its branches, that drain from most of the intestine to the liver.
Oesophagostomy	Oesophagostomy
Urobilinogen urine	Urobilinogen is a colorless by-product of bilirubin reduction.
Porphyria screen	Porphyria is a group of diseases in which substances called porphyrins build up, negatively affecting the skin or nervous system.
Lipoprotein (a) abnormal	Lipoprotein(a) (also called Lp(a) or LPA) is a special kind of Low density lipoprotein, containing a protein called apolipoprotein(a) (also known as apo(a), not to be confused with apoA).
Ketogenic diet	The ketogenic diet is a high-fat, adequate-protein, low-carbohydrate diet that in medicine is used primarily to treat difficult-to-control (refractory) epilepsy in children.
JC virus test negative	JC virus test negative
Selenium deficiency	Selenium deficiency is relatively rare in healthy well-nourished individuals.
Vaccination site hypertrichosis	Vaccination site hypertrichosis
Citrobacter infection	Citrobacter is a genus of Gram-negative coliform bacteria in the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Reticulocyte percentage	Reticulocytes are immature red blood cells (RBCs).
Nasal mucosal hypertrophy	Nasal mucosal hypertrophy
Red blood cell schistocytes present	Red blood cell schistocytes present
Intestinal metaplasia	Intestinal metaplasia is the transformation (metaplasia) of epithelium (usually of the stomach or the esophagus) into a type of epithelium resembling that found in the intestine.
Electrocardiogram U wave present	Electrocardiogram U wave present
Panencephalitis	Panencephalitis
Urine electrolytes normal	Urine electrolytes normal
Illiteracy	"Literacy is traditionally defined by dictionaries as the ability to read and write, although broader interpretations insist that any particular instance of reading and writing is always taking place in a specific context, as the proliferation of concepts like ""conventional or basic literacy, functional literacy, digital literacy, media literacy, legal literacy, computer literacy, medical literacy and information literacy"" suggest."
Renal tubular acidosis	Renal tubular acidosis (RTA) is a medical condition that involves an accumulation of acid in the body due to a failure of the kidneys to appropriately acidify the urine.
Prolonged rupture of membranes	Prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM), previously known as premature rupture of membranes, is breakage of the amniotic sac before the onset of labor.
Osteoarthropathy	Osteoarthropathy
Ptosis repair	Ptosis  is a drooping or falling of the upper eyelid.
Vasogenic cerebral oedema	Vasogenic cerebral oedema
Synovial fluid crystal present	Synovial fluid crystal present
Neuro-ophthalmological test normal	Neuro-ophthalmological test normal
Urine phosphorus	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Necrobiosis	Necrobiosis is the physiological death of a cell, and can be caused by conditions such as basophilia, erythema, or a tumor.
Elbow operation	The elbow is the visible joint between the upper and lower parts of the arm.
Tri-iodothyronine decreased	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Oesophageal injury	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Spinal nerve stimulator implantation	Spinal nerve stimulator implantation
Scrotal ulcer	The scrotum is an anatomical male reproductive structure that consists of a suspended dual-chambered sack of skin and smooth muscle that is present in most terrestrial male mammals and located under the penis.
Urine bilirubin decreased	Urine bilirubin decreased
Parathyroid scan normal	Parathyroid scan normal
Ultrasound testes normal	Ultrasound testes normal
T-lymphocyte count	A T cell is a type of lymphocyte which develops in the thymus gland and plays a central role in the immune response.
Soft tissue sarcoma	A soft-tissue sarcoma (STS), is a form of sarcoma that develops in connective tissue, though the term is sometimes applied to elements of the soft tissue that are not currently considered connective tissue.
Self-induced vomiting	Self-induced vomiting
Varicophlebitis	Varicophlebitis
Nail ridging	Nail ridging
Morton's neuroma	Morton's neuroma  is a benign neuroma of an intermetatarsal plantar nerve, most commonly of the second and third intermetatarsal spaces (between the second/third and third/fourth metatarsal heads), which results in the entrapment of the affected nerve.
Malignant breast lump removal	Malignant breast lump removal
Creatine urine	Creatine ( or ) is an organic compound with the nominal formula (H2N)(HN)CN(CH3)CH2CO2H.
Roux loop conversion	Roux loop conversion
Uterine operation	"The uterus (from Latin ""uterus"", plural uteri) or womb is a major female hormone-responsive secondary sex organ of the reproductive system in humans and most other mammals."
Oesophageal perforation	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Retinogram abnormal	A retinal scan is a biometric technique that uses unique patterns on a person's retina blood vessels.
Tanning	Tanning is the process of treating skins and hides of animals to produce leather.
Red cell distribution width	Red cell distribution width
Homans' sign positive	In medicine, Homans' sign (sometimes spelled as Homans sign or called dorsiflexion sign) is considered by some physicians to be a sign of deep vein thrombosis (DVT).
Skin flap necrosis	"The terms free flap, free autologous tissue transfer and microvascular free tissue transfer are synonymous terms used to describe the ""transplantation"" of tissue from one site of the body to another, in order to reconstruct an existing defect."
Visual tracking test	Video tracking is the process of locating a moving object (or multiple objects) over time using a camera.
Iodine uptake	Iodine is a chemical element with the symbol I and atomic number 53.
Blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio decreased	Blood urea nitrogen/creatinine ratio decreased
Thermogram	Infrared thermography (IRT), thermal imaging, and thermal video are examples of infrared imaging science.
Oblique presentation	Oblique presentation
Blood testosterone free	Blood testosterone free
Systolic hypertension	In medicine, systolic hypertension is defined as an elevated systolic blood pressure (SBP).
Thyroxine abnormal	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Paraneoplastic syndrome	A paraneoplastic syndrome is a syndrome (a set of signs and symptoms) that is the consequence of cancer in the body, but unlike a mass effect, is not due to the local presence of cancer cells.
Pectus excavatum	Pectus excavatum is a structural deformity of the anterior thoracic wall in which the sternum and rib cage are shaped abnormally.
Myeloblast percentage	The myeloblast is a unipotent stem cell which differentiates into the effectors of the granulocyte series.
Electrocardiogram ST segment	Electrocardiogram ST segment
Lipids abnormal	In biology and biochemistry, a lipid is a biomolecule that is soluble in nonpolar solvents.
Tracheal haemorrhage	The trachea, colloquially called the windpipe, is a cartilaginous tube that connects the pharynx and larynx to the lungs, allowing the passage of air, and so is present in almost all air-breathing animals with lungs.
Profound mental retardation	Intellectual disability (ID), also known as general learning disability and  mental retardation (MR), is a generalized neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by significantly impaired intellectual and adaptive functioning.
Free fatty acids increased	In chemistry, particularly in biochemistry, a fatty acid is a carboxylic acid with a long aliphatic chain, which is either saturated or unsaturated.
Peristalsis visible	Peristalsis is a radially symmetrical contraction and relaxation of  muscles that propagates in a wave down a tube, in an anterograde direction.
Catheter sepsis	In medicine, a catheter is a thin tube made from medical grade materials serving a broad range of functions.
Orthopedic examination abnormal	Orthopedic examination abnormal
Gait deviation	Gait deviations are nominally referred to as any variation of standard human gait, typically manifesting as a coping mechanism in response to an anatomical impairment.
Peritoneal tuberculosis	Tuberculosis (TB) is an infectious disease usually caused by Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) bacteria.
Urobilin urine present	Urobilin urine present
Blood beta-D-glucan normal	Blood beta-D-glucan normal
Hypertensive cardiomyopathy	Hypertensive heart disease includes a number of complications of high blood pressure that affect the heart.
Congenital mitral valve incompetence	Congenital mitral valve incompetence
Postresuscitation encephalopathy	Postresuscitation encephalopathy
Gas gangrene	Gas gangrene (also known as clostridial myonecrosis and myonecrosis) is a bacterial infection that produces tissue gas in gangrene.
Ventricular internal diameter	Ventricular internal diameter
Genital infection fungal	Genital infection fungal
Paramnesia	Déjà vu ( (listen); French: [deʒa vy]) is the feeling that one has lived through the present situation before.
Vertebral artery hypoplasia	The vertebral arteries are major arteries of the neck.
Hydrocholecystis	Hydrocholecystis
Tryptase decreased	Tryptase (EC 3.4.21.59, ) is the most abundant secretory granule-derived serine proteinase contained in mast cells and has been used as a marker for mast cell activation.
Parasite urine test negative	Parasite urine test negative
Otic examination normal	Otic examination normal
Penile vascular disorder	Penile vascular disorder
Pain threshold decreased	The threshold of pain or pain threshold is the point along a curve of increasing perception of a stimulus at which pain begins to be felt.
Platelet function test normal	Platelet function test normal
Foetal haemoglobin decreased	Fetal hemoglobin, or foetal haemoglobin, (also hemoglobin F, HbF, or α2γ2) is the main oxygen transport protein in the human fetus during the last seven months of development in the uterus and persists in the newborn until roughly 2-4 months old.
Necrotising granulomatous lymphadenitis	Necrotising granulomatous lymphadenitis
Necrotising panniculitis	Necrotising panniculitis
Electrocardiogram ST-T segment abnormal	Electrocardiogram ST-T segment abnormal
Joint destruction	A joint or articulation (or articular surface) is the connection made between bones in the body which link the skeletal system into a functional whole.
Time perception altered	Time perception is a field of study within psychology, cognitive linguistics and neuroscience that refers to the subjective experience, or sense, of time, which is measured by someone's own perception of the duration of the indefinite and unfolding of events.
Silent thyroiditis	Subacute lymphocytic thyroiditis is a form of thyroiditis.
Interleukin-2 receptor assay	The interleukin-2 receptor (IL-2R) is a heterotrimeric protein expressed on the surface of certain immune cells, such as lymphocytes, that binds and responds to a cytokine called IL-2.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging liver	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Physical thyroid examination abnormal	Physical thyroid examination abnormal
Plasma cells increased	Plasma cells, also called plasma B cells, are white blood cells that originate in the bone marrow and secrete large quantities of proteins called antibodies in response to being presented specific substances called antigens.
Platelet-derived growth factor receptor assay	Platelet-derived growth factor receptors (PDGF-R) are cell surface tyrosine kinase receptors for members of the platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) family.
Lasegue's test negative	Lasegue's test negative
Bone marrow infiltration	Bone marrow is a semi-solid tissue which may be found within the spongy or cancellous portions of bones.
Risus sardonicus	Risus sardonicus or rictus grin is a highly characteristic, abnormal, sustained spasm of the facial muscles that appears to produce grinning.
Plague	Plague
Pharyngeal enanthema	Pharyngeal enanthema
Tinel's sign	Tinel's sign is a way to detect irritated nerves.
Thyroxine free abnormal	Thyroxine free abnormal
Venolymphatic malformation	Venolymphatic malformation
Polychromasia	Polychromasia  is a disorder where there is an abnormally high number of immature red blood cells found in the bloodstream as a result of being prematurely released from the bone marrow during blood formation.
Light chain analysis decreased	Light chain analysis decreased
Investigation normal	Investigation normal
Urinary bladder haemorrhage	The urinary bladder is a hollow muscular organ in humans and vertebrates that collects and stores urine from the kidneys before disposal by urination.
Hepatitis E virus test	The hepatitis E virus (HEV) is the causative agent of hepatitis E. It is of the species Orthohepevirus A.The global burden of infections from the two major genotypes (1 and 2) is estimated at 20 million per year, leading to 70,000 deaths and 3,000 stillbirths.The virus particle was first seen in 1983, but was only molecularly cloned in 1989.
Lack of satiety	Lack of satiety
Fibromuscular dysplasia	Fibromuscular dysplasia (FMD) is a non-atherosclerotic, non-inflammatory disease of the blood vessels that causes abnormal growth within the wall of an artery.
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase abnormal	"Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD or G6PDH) (EC 1.1.1.49) is a cytosolic  enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-glucose 6-phosphate + NADP+  ⇌ 6-phospho-D-glucono-1,5-lactone + NADPH + H+This enzyme participates in the pentose phosphate pathway (see image), a metabolic pathway that supplies reducing energy to cells (such as erythrocytes) by maintaining the level of the co-enzyme nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH)."
Renal vein compression	The renal veins are veins that drain the kidney.
Glutathione decreased	Glutathione (GSH) is an antioxidant in plants, animals, fungi, and some bacteria and archaea.
Paranasal sinus haemorrhage	Paranasal sinuses are a group of four paired air-filled spaces that surround the nasal cavity.
Meningitis chemical	Meningitis is an acute inflammation of the protective membranes covering the brain and spinal cord, known collectively as the meninges.
Renal cancer metastatic	Kidney cancer, also known as renal cancer, is a group of cancers that starts in the kidney.
Genetic counselling	Genetic counseling is the process of advising individuals and families affected by or at risk of genetic disorders to help them understand and adapt to the medical, psychological and familial implications of genetic contributions to disease.
Trichoglossia	Trichoglossia
Peritoneal dialysis complication	Peritoneal dialysis (PD) is a type of dialysis which uses the peritoneum in a person's abdomen as the membrane through which fluid and dissolved substances are exchanged with the blood.
Multi-vitamin deficiency	Multi-vitamin deficiency
Penicillium test negative	Penicillium test negative
Ultrasound pancreas normal	Ultrasound pancreas normal
Gastrooesophageal sphincter insufficiency	Gastrooesophageal sphincter insufficiency
Spinal cord abscess	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Spermatic cord disorder	The spermatic cord is the cord-like structure in males formed by the vas deferens (ductus deferens) and surrounding tissue that runs from the deep inguinal ring down to each testicle.
Chikungunya virus infection	Chikungunya is an infection caused by the chikungunya virus (CHIKV).
Hyperadrenalism	Cushing's syndrome is a collection of signs and symptoms due to prolonged exposure to glucocorticoids such as cortisol.
Tick-borne fever	Tick-borne fever
Huntington's disease	Huntington's disease (HD), also known as Huntington's chorea, is an inherited disorder that results in the death of brain cells.
Left atrial enlargement	Left atrial enlargement (LAE) or left atrial dilation refers to enlargement of the left atrium (LA) of the heart, and is a form of cardiomegaly.
Iatrogenic infection	"Iatrogenesis (from the Greek for ""brought forth by the healer"") refers to any effect on a person, resulting from any activity of one or more other persons acting as healthcare professionals or promoting products or services as beneficial to health, which does not support a goal of the person affected.While some have advocated using the term to refer to all ""events caused by the health care delivery team"", whether ""positive or negative"", consensus limits use of iatrogenesis to adverse effects, including (in the broadest sense) all adverse unforeseen outcomes as well as foreseen outcomes from medication or other medical treatment or intervention."
Gardnerella test positive	Gardnerella test positive
Skin degenerative disorder	Skin degenerative disorder
Mechanical ventilation complication	Mechanical ventilation, or assisted ventilation, is the medical term for artificial ventilation where mechanical means are used to assist or replace spontaneous breathing.
Icterus index	Jaundice, also known as icterus, is a yellowish or greenish pigmentation of the skin and whites of the eyes due to high bilirubin levels.
Viral load decreased	Viral load, also known as viral burden, viral titre or viral titer, is a numerical expression of the quantity of virus in a given volume.
Rib excision	In vertebrate anatomy, ribs (Latin: costae) are the long curved bones which form the rib cage, part of the axial skeleton.
Iris adhesions	Iris adhesions
Poor dental condition	Poor dental condition
Reticulocyte percentage normal	Reticulocyte percentage normal
Ovarian neoplasm	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Central nervous system mass	The central nervous system (CNS) is the part of the nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Blood triglycerides decreased	Blood triglycerides decreased
Ventricular cisternostomy	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Blood immunoglobulin E abnormal	Blood immunoglobulin E abnormal
Urine human chorionic gonadotropin normal	Urine human chorionic gonadotropin normal
Victim of homicide	Victim of homicide
Sweat test abnormal	The sweat test measures the concentration of chloride that is excreted in sweat.
Chondromalacia	Chondromalacia patellae (also known as CMP) is an inflammation of the underside of the patella and softening of the cartilage.
Testicular cyst	Testicle or testis is the male reproductive gland or gonad in all animals, including humans.
Rickettsia antibody	Rickettsia is a genus of nonmotile, Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, highly pleomorphic bacteria that may occur in the forms of cocci (0.1 μm in diameter), bacilli (1–4 μm long), or threads  (up to about 10 μm long).
Creatine phosphokinase decreased	Creatine kinase (CK), also known as creatine phosphokinase (CPK) or phosphocreatine kinase, is an enzyme (EC 2.7.3.2) expressed by various tissues and cell types.
Seminoma	A Seminoma is a germ cell tumor of the testicle or, more rarely, the mediastinum or other extra-gonadal locations.
Vertigo CNS origin	Vertigo CNS origin
Transferrin increased	Transferrins are iron-binding blood plasma glycoproteins that control the level of free iron (Fe) in biological fluids.
Bone infarction	A bone is a rigid organ that constitutes part of the vertebrate skeleton.
Ultrasonic angiogram normal	Ultrasonic angiogram normal
Pelvic infection	Pelvic inflammatory disease, also known as pelvic inflammatory disorder (PID), is an infection of the upper part of the female reproductive system, namely the uterus, fallopian tubes, and ovaries, and inside of the pelvis.
Disaccharide metabolism disorder	Disaccharide metabolism disorder
Exercise test abnormal	A cardiac stress test (also referred to as a cardiac diagnostic test, cardiopulmonary exercise test, or abbreviated CPX test) is a cardiological test that measures the heart's ability to respond to external stress in a controlled clinical environment.
Haemoglobin electrophoresis abnormal	Hemoglobin electrophoresis is a blood test that can detect different types of hemoglobin.
Subarachnoid haemorrhage neonatal	Subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) is bleeding into the subarachnoid space—the area between the arachnoid membrane and the pia mater surrounding the brain.
Mitochondrial DNA mutation	Mitochondrial diseases are a group of disorders caused by dysfunctional mitochondria, the organelles that generate energy for the cell.
Thrombin time prolonged	The thrombin time (TT), also known as the thrombin clotting time (TCT) is a blood test that measures the time it takes for a clot to form in the plasma of a blood sample containing anticoagulant, after an excess of thrombin has been added.
Ultrasound bladder abnormal	Ultrasound bladder abnormal
Metabolic alkalosis	Metabolic alkalosis is a metabolic condition in which the pH of tissue is elevated beyond the normal range (7.35–7.45).
Pericardial drainage test normal	Pericardial drainage test normal
Organic acid analysis abnormal	Organic acid analysis abnormal
Blood pressure systolic abnormal	Blood pressure systolic abnormal
Cardiac valve vegetation	A heart valve normally allows blood to flow in only one direction through the heart.
Haemosiderinuria	Hemosiderinuria (syn.
Scan lymph nodes	Scan lymph nodes
Spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid leak syndrome	A spontaneous cerebrospinal fluid leak (SCSFL) is a medical condition in which the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) surrounding the human brain and spinal cord leaks out of the surrounding protective dural sac for no apparent reason.
Helminthic infection	Parasitic worms, also known as helminths, are large macroparasites; adults can generally be seen with the naked eye.
Sterile pyuria	Pyuria is the condition of urine containing white blood cells or pus.
Methylmalonic aciduria	Methylmalonic acidemia , also called methylmalonic aciduria, is an autosomal recessive metabolic disorder that disrupts normal amino acid metabolism.
Cerebrovascular stenosis	Cerebrovascular disease includes a variety of medical conditions that affect the blood vessels of the brain and the cerebral circulation.
Renal transplant failure	Kidney transplantation or renal transplantation is the organ transplant of a kidney into a patient with end-stage renal disease.
Typical aura without headache	Typical aura without headache
Ovulation pain	Ovulation is the release of eggs from the ovaries.
Tumefactive multiple sclerosis	Tumefactive multiple sclerosis is a condition in which the central nervous system of a person has multiple demyelinating lesions with atypical characteristics for those of standard multiple sclerosis (MS).
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging renal	Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is a medical imaging technique used in radiology to form pictures of the anatomy and the physiological processes of the body.
Serositis	Serositis refers to inflammation of the serous tissues of the body, the tissues lining the lungs (pleura), heart (pericardium), and the inner lining of the abdomen (peritoneum) and organs within.
Pupillary light reflex tests	The pupillary light reflex (PLR) or photopupillary reflex is a reflex that controls the diameter of the pupil, in response to the intensity (luminance) of light that falls on the retinal ganglion cells of the retina in the back of the eye, thereby assisting in adaptation of vision to various levels of lightness/darkness.
Schistosoma test negative	Schistosoma test negative
Serotonin syndrome	Serotonin syndrome (SS) is a group of symptoms that may occur with the use of certain serotonergic medications or drugs.
Deltaretrovirus test positive	Deltaretrovirus test positive
Right hemisphere deficit syndrome	Right hemisphere deficit syndrome
Necrotising soft tissue infection	Necrotising soft tissue infection
Suicidal behaviour	Suicide is the act of intentionally causing one's own death.
Pericarditis tuberculous	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Hyposomnia	Hyposomnia
Renal cortical necrosis	Renal cortical necrosis (RCN) is a rare cause of acute kidney failure.
Factitious disorder	A factitious disorder is a condition in which a person, without a malingering motive, acts as if they have an illness by deliberately producing, feigning, or exaggerating symptoms, purely to attain (for themselves or for another) a patient's role.
Splinter haemorrhages	A splinter  (also known as a sliver) is a fragment of a larger object (usually wood), or a foreign body that penetrates or is purposely injected into a body.
Synovial cyst removal	A ganglion cyst is a fluid-filled bump associated with a joint or tendon sheath.
Pulmonary sepsis	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Thyroid hormone replacement therapy	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Vascular insufficiency	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Scrotal disorder	The scrotum is an anatomical male reproductive structure that consists of a suspended dual-chambered sack of skin and smooth muscle that is present in most terrestrial male mammals and located under the penis.
Vaccination site hypertrophy	Vaccination site hypertrophy
Diabetic nephropathy	Diabetic nephropathy (DN), also known as diabetic kidney disease, is the chronic loss of kidney function occurring in those with diabetes mellitus.
Red blood cell hyperchromic morphology present	Red blood cell hyperchromic morphology present
Tracheostomy tube removal	Tracheotomy (, UK also ), or tracheostomy, is a surgical procedure which consists of making an incision (cut) on the anterior aspect (front) of the neck and opening a direct airway through an incision in the trachea (windpipe).
Bush-Francis catatonia rating scale	Bush-Francis catatonia rating scale
Urine organic acid test	Urine organic acid test
Severe acute respiratory syndrome	Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) is a viral respiratory disease of zoonotic origin caused by the SARS coronavirus (SARS-CoV).
Renin normal	Renin (etymology and pronunciation), also known as an angiotensinogenase, is an aspartic protease protein and enzyme secreted by the kidneys that participates in the body's renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS)—also known as the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone axis—that mediates the volume of extracellular fluid (blood plasma, lymph and interstitial fluid) and arterial vasoconstriction.
Opportunistic infection	An opportunistic infection is an infection caused by pathogens (bacteria, viruses, fungi, or protozoa) that take advantage of an opportunity not normally available, such as a host with a weakened immune system, an altered microbiota (such as a disrupted gut microbiota), or breached integumentary barriers.
Urobilinogen urine decreased	Urobilinogen urine decreased
Urine electrophoresis abnormal	Urine electrophoresis abnormal
Bicuspid aortic valve	Bicuspid aortic valve (BAV) is an inherited form of heart disease in which two of the leaflets of the aortic valve fuse during development in the womb resulting in a two-leaflet valve (bicuspid valve) instead of the normal three-leaflet valve (tricuspid).
Lumbosacral plexopathy	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
Paracentesis eye normal	Paracentesis eye normal
Percutaneous coronary intervention	Percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is a non-surgical procedure used to treat narrowing (stenosis) of the coronary arteries of the heart found in coronary artery disease.
Sensitivity to weather change	Sensitivity to weather change
Urethral injury	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Oculofacial paralysis	Oculofacial paralysis
Urine protein/creatinine ratio normal	Urine protein/creatinine ratio is a widely used initial method to estimate daily protein excretion in urine.
Talipes correction	Talipes correction
Scan adrenal gland abnormal	Scan adrenal gland abnormal
Red blood cell spherocytes present	Red blood cell spherocytes present
Orthopaedic procedure	Orthopedic surgery or orthopedics, also spelled orthopaedics, is the branch of surgery concerned with conditions involving the musculoskeletal system.
Traumatic lumbar puncture	Traumatic lumbar puncture
Transurethral prostatectomy	Transurethral prostatectomy
Bromosulphthalein test abnormal	Bromosulphthalein test abnormal
Oesophageal varices haemorrhage	Esophageal varices are extremely dilated sub-mucosal veins in the lower third of the esophagus.
Cerebral arteriosclerosis	Arteriosclerosis is the thickening, hardening, and loss of elasticity of the walls of arteries.
Cytokeratin 18	Keratin 18 is a type I cytokeratin.
Percussion test	A percussion instrument is a musical instrument that is sounded by being struck or scraped by a beater including attached or enclosed beaters or rattles struck, scraped or rubbed by hand or struck against another similar instrument.
Panic disorder with agoraphobia	Panic disorder with agoraphobia
Free prostate-specific antigen	Free prostate-specific antigen
Perirectal abscess	The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Vulval laceration	The vulva (plural vulvas or vulvae; derived from Latin for wrapper or covering) consists of the external female sex organs.
Procedural headache	In computing, procedural generation is a method of creating data algorithmically as opposed to manually, typically through a combination of human-generated assets and algorithms coupled with computer-generated randomness and processing power.
Fungus CSF test negative	Fungus CSF test negative
Persistent generalised lymphadenopathy	Persistent generalised lymphadenopathy
Pancreatic enzymes normal	Digestive enzymes are a group of enzymes that break down polymeric macromolecules into their smaller building blocks, in order to facilitate their absorption by the body.
Tri-iodothyronine abnormal	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Haemodilution	Haemodilution
Inflammation of wound	Inflammation of wound
Vascular operation	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Virus tissue specimen test positive	Virus tissue specimen test positive
Weber tuning fork test normal	Weber tuning fork test normal
Vitamin E	Vitamin E is a group of eight fat soluble compounds that include four tocopherols and four tocotrienols.
Superior vena caval occlusion	Superior vena caval occlusion
Mediastinitis	Mediastinitis is inflammation of the tissues in the mid-chest, or mediastinum.
Globulin abnormal	The globulins are a family of globular proteins that have the higher molecular weights than albumins and are insoluble in pure water but dissolve in dilute salt solutions.
Exocrine pancreatic function test normal	Exocrine pancreatic function test normal
White blood cell morphology abnormal	White blood cell morphology abnormal
Ventricular dyskinesia	A ventricle is one of two large chambers toward the bottom of the heart that collect and expel blood received from an atrium towards the peripheral beds within the body and lungs.
Electrocardiogram ST-T segment elevation	Electrocardiogram ST-T segment elevation
Thermogram abnormal	Infrared thermography (IRT), thermal imaging, and thermal video are examples of infrared imaging science.
Urine copper increased	Urine copper increased
Plasma cell count	Plasma cells, also called plasma B cells, are white blood cells that originate in the bone marrow and secrete large quantities of proteins called antibodies in response to being presented specific substances called antigens.
Renal necrosis	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Myelocyte present	A myelocyte is a young cell of the granulocytic series, occurring normally in bone marrow (can be found in circulating blood when caused by certain diseases).
Murine typhus	Murine typhus is a form of typhus transmitted by fleas (Xenopsylla cheopis), usually on rats.
Myoglobin blood absent	Myoglobin blood absent
Tendon laxity	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Parietal cell antibody negative	Parietal cell antibody negative
Intestinal transit time	Intestinal transit time
Human herpes virus 8 test	Human herpes virus 8 test
Gradenigo's syndrome	Gradenigo's syndrome, also called Gradenigo-Lannois syndrome, is a complication of otitis media and mastoiditis involving the apex of the petrous temporal bone.
Multiple system atrophy	Multiple system atrophy (MSA) is a rare neurodegenerative disorder characterized by autonomic dysfunction, tremors, slow movement, muscle rigidity, and postural instability (collectively known as parkinsonism) and ataxia.
Specific gravity urine	Specific gravity, also called relative density, is the ratio of the density of a substance to the density of a reference substance; equivalently, it is the ratio of the mass of a substance to the mass of a reference substance for the same given volume.
Nail dystrophy	A nail disease or onychosis is a disease or deformity of the nail.
Patent ductus arteriosus repair	Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is a medical condition in which the ductus arteriosus fails to close after birth: this allows a portion of oxygenated blood from the left heart to flow back to the lungs by flowing from the aorta, which has a higher pressure, to the pulmonary artery.
Medication overuse headache	Medication overuse headache (MOH), also known as rebound headache usually occurs when analgesics are taken frequently to relieve headaches.
Haemophilus test	Not to be confused with Haemophilia.
Weight abnormal	In science and engineering, the weight of an object is related to the force acting on the object, either due to gravity or to a reaction force that holds it in place.Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object.
Spermatorrhoea	A nocturnal emission, informally known as a wet dream or sex dream or sleep orgasm, is a spontaneous orgasm during sleep that includes ejaculation for a male, or vaginal wetness or an orgasm (or both) for a female.
Haemoglobin A2	Hemoglobin A2 (HbA2) is a normal variant of hemoglobin A that consists of two alpha and two delta chains (α2δ2) and is found at low levels in normal human blood.
Omphalitis	Omphalitis of newborn is the medical term for inflammation of the umbilical cord stump in the neonatal newborn period, most commonly attributed to a bacterial infection.
Sulcus vocalis	The gingival sulcus is an area of potential space between a tooth and the surrounding gingival tissue and is lined by sulcular epithelium.
Platelet-large cell ratio	Platelet-large cell ratio
Platelet aggregation normal	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Urine protein/creatinine ratio	Urine protein/creatinine ratio is a widely used initial method to estimate daily protein excretion in urine.
Oedematous pancreatitis	Edema, also spelled oedema or œdema, is an abnormal accumulation of fluid in the interstitium, located beneath the skin and in the cavities of the body, which can cause severe pain.
Vitamin D increased	Vitamin D is a group of fat-soluble secosteroids responsible for increasing intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate, and multiple other biological effects.
Postmortem blood drug level increased	Postmortem blood drug level increased
Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol	Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol
Spinal decompression	Spinal decompression is a surgical procedure intended to relieve pressure on the spinal cord or on one or more compressed nerve roots passing through or exiting the spinal column.
Urethritis noninfective	Urethritis is inflammation of the urethra.
Primary adrenal insufficiency	Adrenal insufficiency is a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce adequate amounts of steroid hormones, primarily cortisol; but may also include impaired production of aldosterone (a mineralocorticoid), which regulates sodium conservation, potassium secretion, and water retention.
Nasal mucosa biopsy	The nasal mucosa lines the nasal cavity.
Neutrophil function test abnormal	Neutrophil function test abnormal
Sinus polyp	Sinus polyp
Renal infarct	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Thyroxin binding globulin normal	Thyroxin binding globulin normal
Joint resurfacing surgery	Joint resurfacing surgery
Tensilon test normal	Tensilon test (edrophonium test) is a pharmacological test used for the diagnosis of certain neural diseases, especially myasthenia gravis.
Nucleated red cells	Nucleated red cells
Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography	Endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) is a technique that combines the use of endoscopy and fluoroscopy to diagnose and treat certain problems of the biliary or pancreatic ductal systems.
Radial pulse increased	In human anatomy, the radial artery is the main artery of the lateral aspect of the forearm.
Weight loss poor	Weight loss, in the context of medicine, health, or physical fitness, refers to a reduction of the total body mass, due to a mean loss of fluid, body fat or adipose tissue or lean mass, namely bone mineral deposits, muscle, tendon, and other connective tissue.
Cancer pain	Pain in cancer may arise from a tumor compressing or infiltrating nearby body parts; from treatments and diagnostic procedures; or from skin, nerve and other changes caused by a hormone imbalance or immune response.
Rectosigmoid cancer	Rectosigmoid cancer
Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure increased	Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure increased
Helicobacter pylori identification test positive	Helicobacter pylori identification test positive
Virus urine test positive	Virus urine test positive
Hepatitis E antibody positive	Hepatitis E antibody positive
Lymph node calcification	A lymph node or lymph gland is an ovoid or kidney-shaped organ of the lymphatic system and the adaptive immune system.
Creatinine renal clearance normal	Creatinine renal clearance normal
Kidney small	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Oesophageal lesion excision	Oesophageal lesion excision
Spinal vascular disorder	Spinal vascular disorder
Venous pressure	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Phagocytosis	Phagocytosis (from Ancient Greek  φαγεῖν (phagein) , meaning 'to eat', and  κύτος, (kytos) , meaning 'cell') is the process by which a cell uses its plasma membrane to engulf a large particle (≥ 0.5 μm) , giving rise to an internal compartment called the phagosome.
Heart valve operation	A heart valve normally allows blood to flow in only one direction through the heart.
Ultrasound prostate abnormal	Ultrasound prostate abnormal
Renal venous congestion	Renal venous congestion
Lymphocyte morphology normal	Lymphocyte morphology normal
Serum amyloid A protein increased	Serum amyloid A (SAA) proteins are a family of apolipoproteins associated with high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in plasma.
Peripheral arterial occlusive disease	Peripheral artery disease (PAD) is an abnormal narrowing of arteries other than those that supply the heart or brain.
Trichiasis	Trichiasis ( trik-ee-AY-sis,  tri-KEYE-ə-sis) a medical term for abnormally positioned eyelashes that grow back toward the eye, touching the cornea or conjunctiva.
Hepatitis C RNA positive	Hepatitis C RNA positive
Subdural haematoma evacuation	A subdural hematoma (SDH) is a type of bleeding in which a collection of blood—usually associated with a traumatic brain injury—gathers between the inner layer of the dura mater and the arachnoid mater of the meninges surrounding the brain.
Serum procollagen type III N-terminal propeptide	Serum procollagen type III N-terminal propeptide
Megakaryocytes	"A megakaryocyte (mega- + karyo- + -cyte, ""large-nucleus cell"") is a large bone marrow cell with a lobated nucleus responsible for the production of blood thrombocytes (platelets), which are necessary for normal blood clotting."
Perfusion brain scan	Perfusion brain scan
Pancreatobiliary sphincterotomy	Pancreatobiliary sphincterotomy
Primary hypothyroidism	Primary hypothyroidism
Transcranial electrical motor evoked potential monitoring abnormal	Transcranial electrical motor evoked potential monitoring abnormal
Sigmoidoscopy normal	"Sigmoidoscopy (from the Greek term for letter ""s/ς"" + ""eidos"" + ""scopy"": namely, to look inside an ""s""/""ς""-like object) is the minimally invasive medical examination of the large intestine from the rectum through the nearest part of the colon, the sigmoid colon."
White blood cell analysis normal	White blood cell analysis normal
Prader-Willi syndrome	Prader–Willi syndrome (PWS) is a genetic disorder due to loss of function of specific genes.
Endoscopy large bowel abnormal	Endoscopy large bowel abnormal
Nail hypertrophy	Nail hypertrophy
Blood creatine phosphokinase MM decreased	Blood creatine phosphokinase MM decreased
Haemoglobin S normal	Sickle cell disease (SCD) is a group of blood disorders typically inherited from a person's parents.
Somatotropin stimulation test	Somatotropin stimulation test
Escherichia bacteraemia	Escherichia  is a genus of Gram-negative, non-spore-forming, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped bacteria from the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Osteogenesis imperfecta	Osteogenesis imperfecta (OI), also known as brittle bone disease, is a group of genetic disorders that mainly affect the bones.
Synovial fluid white blood cells positive	Synovial fluid white blood cells positive
Urinary casts absent	Urinary casts are microscopic cylindrical structures produced by the kidney and present in the urine in certain disease states.
N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide normal	N-terminal prohormone brain natriuretic peptide normal
Vitamin D abnormal	Vitamin D is a group of fat-soluble secosteroids responsible for increasing intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate, and multiple other biological effects.
Hypermagnesaemia	Hypermagnesemia is an electrolyte disorder in which there is a high level of magnesium in the blood.
Photopheresis	In medicine, photopheresis (aka extracorporeal photopheresis or ECP) is a form of apheresis and photodynamic therapy in which blood is treated with a photosensitizing agent and subsequently irradiated with specified wavelengths of light to achieve an effect.
Peripheral nerve operation	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Sensory overload	Sensory overload occurs when one or more of the body's senses experiences over-stimulation from the environment.
Corneal light reflex test abnormal	Corneal light reflex test abnormal
Tobacco abuse	Tobacco use has predominantly negative effects on human health and concern about health effects of tobacco has a long history.
Heart alternation	The heart is a muscular organ in most animals, which pumps blood through the blood vessels of the circulatory system.
Scan myocardial perfusion abnormal	Scan myocardial perfusion abnormal
Salt craving	Salt is a mineral composed primarily of sodium chloride (NaCl), a chemical compound belonging to the larger class of salts; salt in its natural form as a crystalline mineral is known as rock salt or halite.
Renal salt-wasting syndrome	Renal salt-wasting syndrome
Radius fracture	The radius or radial bone is one of the two large bones of the forearm, the other being the ulna.
Renal vein embolism	The renal veins are veins that drain the kidney.
Cortisol free urine normal	Cortisol free urine normal
Perseveration	Perseveration according to psychology, psychiatry, and speech-language pathology, is the repetition of a particular response (such as a word, phrase, or gesture) regardless of the absence or cessation of a stimulus.
Toxic shock syndrome staphylococcal	Toxic shock syndrome (TSS) is a condition caused by bacterial toxins.
Blood antidiuretic hormone normal	Blood antidiuretic hormone normal
Terminal dribbling	Terminal dribbling
Myringoplasty	Myringoplasty is the closure of the perforation of pars tensa of the tympanic membrane.
Urinary casts present	Urinary casts are microscopic cylindrical structures produced by the kidney and present in the urine in certain disease states.
Pancreatic pseudocyst drainage	A pancreatic pseudocyst is a circumscribed collection of fluid rich in pancreatic enzymes, blood, and necrotic tissue, typically located in the lesser sac of the abdomen.
Wean from ventilator	Wean from ventilator
Small intestine ulcer	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Thyroid cyst	Thyroid nodules are nodules (raised areas of tissue or fluid) which commonly arise within an otherwise normal thyroid gland.
Blood pressure diastolic	Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
Otoacoustic emissions test	An otoacoustic emission (OAE) is a sound which is generated from within the inner ear.
Urachal abnormality	Urachal abnormality
Precursor B-lymphoblastic lymphoma	Precursor B-lymphoblastic lymphoma
Fear of pregnancy	Fear of pregnancy
CSF pH increased	CSF pH increased
Gastric pH	The stomach is a muscular, hollow organ in the gastrointestinal tract of humans and many other animals, including several invertebrates.
Paralytic lagophthalmos	Paralysis is a loss of muscle function for one or more muscles.
pH body fluid increased	pH body fluid increased
Stroke volume normal	In cardiovascular physiology, stroke volume (SV) is the volume of blood pumped from the left ventricle per beat.
Manganese	Manganese is a chemical element with the symbol Mn and atomic number 25.
Urine uric acid	Urine uric acid
Orthopedic procedure	Orthopedic surgery or orthopedics, also spelled orthopaedics, is the branch of surgery concerned with conditions involving the musculoskeletal system.
Walking distance test	Walking distance test
Decerebration	Decerebration is the elimination of cerebral brain function in an animal by removing the cerebrum, cutting across the brain stem, or severing certain arteries in the brain stem.
Urine cytology abnormal	Urine cytology is a test that looks for abnormal cells in urine under a microscope.
Spleen congestion	The spleen is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates.
Thermohypoaesthesia	Thermohypoaesthesia
Lysozyme	Lysozyme, also known as muramidase or N-acetylmuramide glycanhydrolase, is an antimicrobial enzyme produced by animals that forms part of the innate immune system.
Nodular melanoma	Nodular melanoma (NM) is the most aggressive form of melanoma.
Ovarian infection	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Interferon alpha level decreased	Interferon alpha level decreased
Pyogenic sterile arthritis pyoderma gangrenosum and acne syndrome	Pyogenic sterile arthritis pyoderma gangrenosum and acne syndrome
Ultrasound eye normal	Ultrasound eye normal
Respirovirus test	Respirovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Mononegavirales, in the family Paramyxoviridae.
Naturopathy	"Naturopathy or naturopathic medicine is a form of alternative medicine that employs an array of pseudoscientific practices branded as ""natural"", ""non-invasive"", or promoting ""self-healing""."
Manifest refraction normal	Manifest refraction normal
Pericarditis rheumatic	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Lenticulostriatal vasculopathy	Lenticulostriatal vasculopathy
T-lymphocyte count normal	T-lymphocyte count normal
Duodenal polyp	The duodenum is the first section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds.
Urine chloride	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Urine uric acid normal	Urine uric acid normal
Platelet function test	Platelet function test
Onycholysis	Onycholysis is a common medical condition characterized by the painless detachment of the nail from the nail bed, usually starting at the tip and/or sides.
Red blood cell analysis normal	Red blood cell analysis normal
Tracheal dilation procedure	Tracheal dilation procedure
Paranasal sinus mucosal hypertrophy	Paranasal sinus mucosal hypertrophy
X-ray with contrast lower gastrointestinal tract normal	X-ray with contrast lower gastrointestinal tract normal
Tonsillar atrophy	The tonsillar branch of the facial artery ascends between the pterygoideus internus and styloglossus muscles, and then along the side of the pharynx, perforating the constrictor pharyngis superior, to ramify in the substance of the palatine tonsil and root of the tongue.
Cardiac septal defect residual shunt	Cardiac septal defect residual shunt
Metastases to pelvis	Metastases to pelvis
Renin	Renin (etymology and pronunciation), also known as an angiotensinogenase, is an aspartic protease protein and enzyme secreted by the kidneys that participates in the body's renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS)—also known as the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone axis—that mediates the volume of extracellular fluid (blood plasma, lymph and interstitial fluid) and arterial vasoconstriction.
Venous stenosis	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Normocytic anaemia	Normocytic anemia is a type of anemia and is a common issue that occurs for men and women typically over 85 years old.
Pleurodesis	Pleurodesis is a medical procedure in which the pleural space is artificially obliterated.
Post procedural fistula	Post procedural fistula
Total cholesterol/HDL ratio	Total cholesterol/HDL ratio
Thyroglobulin absent	Thyroglobulin (Tg) is a 660 kDa, dimeric glycoprotein produced by the follicular cells of the thyroid and used entirely within the thyroid gland.
Type IIa hyperlipidaemia	Type IIa hyperlipidaemia
Optic disc haemorrhage	The optic disc or optic nerve head is the point of exit for ganglion cell axons leaving the eye.
X-ray therapy to lung	X-ray therapy to lung
Immunoglobulin G4 related sclerosing disease	Immunoglobulin G4 related sclerosing disease
Osteomalacia	Osteomalacia is a disease in which softening of the bones caused by impaired bone metabolism primarily due to inadequate levels of available phosphate, calcium, and vitamin D, or because of resorption of calcium.
Ocular neoplasm	Eyes are organs of the visual system.
T-cell prolymphocytic leukaemia	T-cell prolymphocytic leukaemia
Nail bed disorder	A bed of nails is an oblong piece of wood, the size of a bed, with nails pointing upwards out of it.
Rosai-Dorfman syndrome	Rosai–Dorfman disease, also known as sinus histiocytosis with massive lymphadenopathy or sometimes as Destombes–Rosai–Dorfman disease, is a rare disorder of unknown cause that is characterized by abundant histiocytes in the lymph nodes or other locations throughout the body.
Labyrinthine fistula	A labyrinthine fistula is an abnormal opening in the inner ear.
Parietal cell antibody	Parietal cells (also known as oxyntic or delomorphous cells) are the epithelial cells that secrete hydrochloric acid (HCl) and intrinsic factor.
Red blood cell microcytes	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Murphy's sign positive	In medicine, Murphy sign refers to a maneuver during a physical examination as part of the abdominal examination.
Mastoid disorder	The mastoid part of the temporal bone is the back part of the temporal bone.
Red cell distribution width decreased	Red cell distribution width decreased
Xeroderma	Xeroderma, xerosis or xerosis cutis is a skin condition characterized by excessively dry skin.
Prealbumin decreased	Transthyretin (TTR or TBPA) is a transport protein in the serum and cerebrospinal fluid that carries the thyroid hormone thyroxine (T4) and retinol-binding protein bound to retinol.
Symblepharon	A symblepharon is a partial or complete adhesion of the palpebral conjunctiva of the eyelid to the bulbar conjunctiva of the eyeball.
Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure	Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure
Visceral congestion	Organs are groups of tissues with similar functions.
Small intestinal haemorrhage	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Metamyelocyte count decreased	Metamyelocyte count decreased
Coxsackie virus serology test positive	Coxsackie virus serology test positive
Neurilemmoma	A schwannoma is a usually benign nerve sheath tumor composed of Schwann cells, which normally produce the insulating myelin sheath covering peripheral nerves.
Lentivirus test positive	Lentivirus test positive
Phosphenes	A phosphene is a phenomenon characterized by the experience of seeing light without light actually entering the eye.
Calcium phosphate product	Calcium phosphate is a family of materials and minerals containing calcium ions (Ca2+) together with inorganic phosphate anions.
Tendon operation	A tendon or sinew is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension.
Digital ulcer	Digital ulcer
Cardiothoracic ratio	Cardiomegaly is a medical condition in which the heart is enlarged.
Deformity thorax	A deformity, dysmorphism, or dysmorphic feature is a major abnormality in the shape of a body part or organ compared to the normal shape of that part.
Protein C increased	Protein C, also known as autoprothrombin IIA and blood coagulation factor XIV, is a zymogen, the activated form of which plays an important role in regulating anticoagulation, inflammation, cell death, and maintaining the permeability of blood vessel walls in humans and other animals.
JC polyomavirus test negative	JC polyomavirus test negative
White blood cell analysis abnormal	White blood cell analysis abnormal
PCO2 abnormal	"The pCO2, PCO2, 
  
    
      
        
          p
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle p_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
  or 
  
    
      
        
          P
          
            
              
                CO
                
                  2
                
                
                  
                
              
            
          
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle P_{{\ce {CO2}}}}
   is the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (CO2), often used in reference to blood, but also used in oceanography to describe the partial pressure of CO2 in the ocean, and in life support systems engineering and underwater diving to describe the partial pressure in a breathing gas."
Oestrogen deficiency	Estrogen, or oestrogen, is the primary female sex hormone.
Poliovirus test negative	Poliovirus test negative
Intraocular pressure decreased	Intraocular pressure (IOP) is the fluid pressure inside the eye.
Prealbumin increased	Transthyretin (TTR or TBPA) is a transport protein in the serum and cerebrospinal fluid that carries the thyroid hormone thyroxine (T4) and retinol-binding protein bound to retinol.
Interleukin therapy	Interleukins (ILs) are a group of cytokines (secreted proteins and signal molecules) that were first seen to be expressed by white blood cells (leukocytes).
Urine potassium	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Contraindication to medical treatment	Contraindication to medical treatment
Otoplasty	"Otoplasty (Greek οὖς, oûs, ""ear"" + πλάσσειν plássein, ""to shape"") denotes the surgical and non-surgical procedures for correcting the deformities and defects of the pinna (external ear), and for reconstructing a defective, or deformed, or absent external ear, consequent to congenital conditions (e.g."
Postsplenectomy syndrome	Postsplenectomy syndrome
Soft tissue neoplasm	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Ovarian injury	The ovary  is an organ found in the female reproductive system that produces an ovum.
Urine chloride increased	Urine chloride increased
Mean platelet volume abnormal	Mean platelet volume (MPV) is a machine-calculated measurement of the average size of platelets found in blood and is typically included in blood tests as part of the CBC.
Thyroid hormones decreased	Thyroid hormones are two hormones produced and released by the thyroid gland, namely triiodothyronine (T3) and thyroxine (T4).
Velo-cardio-facial syndrome	DiGeorge syndrome, also known as 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, is a syndrome caused by the deletion of a small segment of chromosome 22.
Total complement activity test	Total complement activity is a test performed to assess the level of functioning of the complement system.
Electrocardiogram pacemaker spike	Electrocardiogram pacemaker spike
Malignant renal hypertension	Malignant renal hypertension
Urine output	Urination is the release of urine from the urinary bladder through the urethra to the outside of the body.
Malignant melanoma stage II	Malignant melanoma stage II
Vibration test normal	Vibration test normal
Reverse tri-iodothyronine	Reverse tri-iodothyronine
Propionibacterium infection	Propionibacterium is a gram-positive, anaerobic, rod-shaped genus of bacteria named for their unique metabolism: They are able to synthesize propionic acid by using unusual transcarboxylase enzymes.Its members are primarily facultative parasites and commensals of humans and other animals, living in and around the sweat glands, sebaceous glands, and other areas of the skin.
Vibration test abnormal	Vibration test abnormal
Very low density lipoprotein increased	Very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), density relative to extracellular water, is a type of lipoprotein made by the liver.
Red blood cell microcytes absent	Red blood cell microcytes absent
Vitamin B6 decreased	Vitamin B6 refers to a group of chemically similar compounds which can be interconverted in biological systems.
Fungus culture	A fungus (plural: fungi or funguses) is any member of the group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as the more familiar mushrooms.
Upper motor neurone lesion	An upper motor neuron lesion (also known as pyramidal insufficiency) occurs in the neural pathway above the anterior horn cell of the spinal cord or motor nuclei of the cranial nerves.
Sebaceous glands overactivity	Sebaceous glands are microscopic exocrine glands in the skin that secrete an oily or waxy matter, called sebum, to lubricate and waterproof the skin and hair of mammals.
Urea renal clearance decreased	Urea renal clearance decreased
Urobilin urine	Urobilin or urochrome is the chemical primarily responsible for the yellow color of urine.
Erythroblast count abnormal	Erythroblast count abnormal
Insulin-requiring type 2 diabetes mellitus	Insulin-requiring type 2 diabetes mellitus
Nasal turbinate abnormality	In anatomy, a nasal concha (), plural conchae (), also called a turbinate or turbinal, is a long, narrow, curled shelf of bone that protrudes into the breathing passage of the nose in humans and various animals.
Head lag abnormal	Head lag abnormal
Pharyngeal operation	Pharyngeal operation
Pneumocystis jiroveci pneumonia	Pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP) is a form of pneumonia that is caused by the yeast-like fungus Pneumocystis jirovecii.
Urine amylase normal	Urine amylase normal
Insulin tolerance test	An insulin tolerance test (ITT) is a medical diagnostic procedure during which insulin is injected into a patient's vein, after which blood glucose is measured at regular intervals.
Hemianopia heteronymous	Hemianopsia, or hemianopia, is a less vision or blindness (anopsia) in half the visual field, usually on one side of the vertical midline.
Erythrocyte osmotic fragility test	Erythrocyte osmotic fragility test
Cardiac index decreased	Cardiac index (CI) is a haemodynamic parameter that relates the cardiac output (CO) from left ventricle in one minute to body surface area (BSA), thus relating heart performance to the size of the individual.
Vitamin A decreased	Vitamin A is a group of unsaturated nutritional organic compounds that includes retinol, retinal, retinoic acid, and several provitamin A carotenoids (most notably beta-carotene).
Protein C decreased	Protein C, also known as autoprothrombin IIA and blood coagulation factor XIV, is a zymogen, the activated form of which plays an important role in regulating anticoagulation, inflammation, cell death, and maintaining the permeability of blood vessel walls in humans and other animals.
Kyasanur Forest disease	Kyasanur forest disease (KFD) is a tick-borne viral haemorrhagic fever endemic to South India.
Natural killer T cell count increased	Natural killer T cell count increased
Child-Pugh-Turcotte score increased	Child-Pugh-Turcotte score increased
Endocarditis enterococcal	Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart, the endocardium.
Weber-Christian disease	Weber–Christian disease, is a cutaneous condition characterized by recurrent subcutaneous nodules that heal with depression of the overlying skin.It is a type of panniculitis.
Varicocele	A varicocele is an abnormal enlargement of the pampiniform venous plexus in the scrotum.
Promyelocyte count	A promyelocyte (or progranulocyte) is a granulocyte precursor, developing from the myeloblast and developing into the myelocyte.
Pulmonary physical examination abnormal	Pulmonary physical examination abnormal
Thyroxin binding globulin increased	Thyroxin binding globulin increased
Red blood cell vacuolisation	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Peripheral nerve neurostimulation	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Myeloproliferative neoplasm	The myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs), previously myeloproliferative diseases (MPDs), are a group of diseases of the bone marrow in which excess cells are produced.
Pneumonia klebsiella	Pneumonia is an inflammatory condition of the lung affecting primarily the small air sacs known as alveoli.
Saliva analysis normal	Saliva analysis normal
Noctiphobia	Fear of the dark is a common fear or phobia among children and, to a varying degree, adults.
Thermohyperaesthesia	Thermohyperaesthesia
Transcranial electrical motor evoked potential monitoring	Transcranial electrical motor evoked potential monitoring
Cardiac septal hypertrophy	Cardiac septal hypertrophy
Hippocampal sclerosis	Hippocampal sclerosis (HS) is a neuropathological condition with severe neuronal cell loss and gliosis in the hippocampus, specifically in the CA-1 (Cornu Ammonis area 1) and subiculum of the hippocampus.
Family stress	"In the context of human society, a family (from Latin: familia) is a group of people related either by consanguinity (by recognized birth), affinity (by marriage or other relationship), or co-residence (as implied by the etymology of the English word ""family"") or some combination of these."
Serial transverse enteroplasty	Serial transverse enteroplasty (STEP) is a surgical procedure used primarily in the treatment of short bowel syndrome (SBS).
Thiopurine methyltransferase decreased	Thiopurine methyltransferase or thiopurine S-methyltransferase (TPMT) is an enzyme that in humans is encoded by the TPMT gene.
Retention cyst	Water retention (also known as fluid retention) or hydrops, hydropsy, edema, is an abnormal accumulation of clear, watery fluid in the tissues or cavities of the body.Water is found both inside and outside the body’s cells.
Retinal vascular occlusion	Ocular ischemic syndrome is the constellation of ocular signs and symptoms secondary to severe, chronic arterial hypoperfusion to the eye.
Urine cannabinoids increased	Urine cannabinoids increased
Lung adenocarcinoma metastatic	Adenocarcinoma of the lung  is the most common type of lung cancer, and like other forms of lung cancer, it is characterized by distinct cellular and molecular features.
Stool heavy metal positive	Stool heavy metal positive
Urine potassium normal	Urine potassium normal
Product formulation issue	Product formulation issue
Keratolysis exfoliativa acquired	"Keratolysis exfoliativa (also known as ""lamellar dyshidrosis"", ""recurrent focal palmar peeling"", ""recurrent palmar peeling"") is a sometimes harmless, sometimes painful skin condition that can affect the focal surface of the fingers and/or the palm or soles of the feet."
Propionibacterium test positive	Propionibacterium test positive
Haemoglobin A present	Hemoglobin A (HbA), also known as adult hemoglobin, hemoglobin A1 or α2β2, is the most common human hemoglobin tetramer, accounting for over 97% of the total red blood cell hemoglobin.
Pulmonary arteriopathy	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Drain removal	Drain removal
Partial lung resection	Partial lung resection
CSF neutrophil count positive	CSF neutrophil count positive
Iron binding capacity total abnormal	Iron binding capacity total abnormal
Systemic candida	Systemic candida
Spur cell anaemia	Acanthocyte (from the Greek word ἄκανθα acantha, meaning 'thorn'), in biology and medicine, refers to a form of red blood cell that has a spiked cell membrane, due to abnormal thorny projections.
Dementia with Lewy bodies	Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is a type of dementia accompanied by changes in behavior, cognition, and movement.
Oesophageal operation	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Carbohydrate tolerance decreased	Carbohydrate tolerance decreased
Supravalvular aortic stenosis	Supravalvular aortic stenosis is a congenital obstructive narrowing of the aorta just above the aortic valve and is second most common type of aortic stenosis.
Right ventricle outflow tract obstruction	Right ventricle outflow tract obstruction
Nasal turbinate hypertrophy	In anatomy, a nasal concha (), plural conchae (), also called a turbinate or turbinal, is a long, narrow, curled shelf of bone that protrudes into the breathing passage of the nose in humans and various animals.
Poikilocytosis	Poikilocytosis is variation in cell shape: poikilocytes may be oval, teardrop-shaped, sickle-shaped or irregularly contracted.
Volume blood	Volume is the quantity of three-dimensional space enclosed by a closed surface, for example, the space that a substance (solid, liquid, gas, or plasma) or shape occupies or contains.
Ventilation/perfusion scan abnormal	A ventilation/perfusion lung scan, also called a V/Q lung scan, is a type of medical imaging using scintigraphy and medical isotopes to evaluate the circulation of air and blood within a patient's lungs, in order to determine the ventilation/perfusion ratio.
Yersinia test positive	Yersinia test positive
Nephrogenic anaemia	Nephrogenic anaemia
Hypocitraturia	Hypocitraturia
Vitamin A deficiency	Vitamin A deficiency (VAD) or hypovitaminosis A is a lack of vitamin A in blood and tissues.
Somatic delusion	Somatic delusion
Spleen scan abnormal	Spleen scan abnormal
Immunomodulatory therapy	Immunotherapy is the treatment of disease by activating or suppressing the immune system.
Tongue atrophy	The tongue is a muscular organ in the mouth of most vertebrates that manipulates food for mastication, and is used in the act of swallowing.
Scan gallium abnormal	Scan gallium abnormal
Gastric fluid analysis	Gastric acid, gastric juice, or stomach acid, is a digestive fluid formed in the stomach and is composed of hydrochloric acid (HCl), potassium chloride (KCl), and sodium chloride (NaCl).
Systemic bacterial infection	Systemic bacterial infection
Kluver-Bucy syndrome	Klüver–Bucy syndrome is a syndrome resulting from bilateral lesions of the medial temporal lobe (including amygdaloid nucleus).
Sweat gland infection	Sweat glands, also known as sudoriferous or sudoriparous glands, from Latin  sudor, meaning 'sweat', are small tubular structures of the skin that produce sweat.
Perineurial cyst	Perineurial cyst
Perfusion brain scan abnormal	Perfusion brain scan abnormal
Liver palpable	The liver is an organ only found in vertebrates which detoxifies various metabolites, synthesizes proteins and produces biochemicals necessary for digestion.
JC polyomavirus test positive	JC polyomavirus test positive
Chromosome banding normal	Karyotyping is the process by which cytogeneticists take photographs of chromosomes in order to determine the chromosome complement of an individual, including the number of chromosomes and any abnormalies.
Platelet distribution width increased	Platelet distribution width increased
Laryngeal erythema	The larynx (), commonly called the voice box, is an organ in the top of the neck involved in breathing, producing sound, and protecting the trachea against food aspiration.
Iliac artery disease	The common iliac arteries are two large arteries that originate from the aortic bifurcation at the level of the fourth lumbar vertebra.
Oestrogen therapy	Estrogen, or oestrogen, is the primary female sex hormone.
Reaction to colouring	Reaction to colouring
Serum ferritin abnormal	Ferritin is a universal intracellular protein that stores iron and releases it in a controlled fashion.
Jugular vein distension	The jugular venous pressure (JVP, sometimes referred to as jugular venous pulse) is the indirectly observed pressure over the venous system via visualization of the internal jugular vein.
Haptoglobin abnormal	Haptoglobin (abbreviated as Hp) is the protein that in humans is encoded by the HP gene.
Swollen joint count	A joint effusion is the presence of increased intra-articular fluid.
Metastases to abdominal cavity	Metastases to abdominal cavity
Urine sodium increased	Urine sodium is a measurement of the concentration of sodium in the urine.
Viral vasculitis	Viral marketing or viral advertising is a business strategy that uses existing social networks to promote a product.
Urine homocystine	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Hypogonadism	Hypogonadism means diminished functional activity of the gonads—the testes or the ovaries—that may result in diminished production of sex hormones.
Postoperative respiratory distress	Postoperative respiratory distress
Foramen magnum stenosis	The foramen magnum (Latin: great hole) is a large oval opening (foramen) in the occipital bone of the skull in humans and many other animals.
Drug tolerance	Drug tolerance is a pharmacological concept describing subjects' reduced reaction to a drug following its repeated use.
Transferrin decreased	Transferrins are iron-binding blood plasma glycoproteins that control the level of free iron (Fe) in biological fluids.
Retinal artery spasm	The central retinal artery (retinal artery) branches off the ophthalmic artery, running inferior to the optic nerve within its dural sheath to the eyeball.
Weight above normal	Weight above normal
Kaolin cephalin clotting time shortened	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Multiple injuries	Multiple injuries
Hepatitis infectious mononucleosis	Hepatitis infectious mononucleosis
Malocclusion	A malocclusion is a misalignment or incorrect relation between the teeth of the two dental arches when they approach each other as the jaws close.
Sympathetic nerve destruction	The sympathetic nervous system (SNS) is one of the two main divisions of the autonomic nervous system, the other being the parasympathetic nervous system.
Red blood cell anisocytes present	Red blood cell anisocytes present
Papillary muscle rupture	The papillary muscles are muscles located in the ventricles of the heart.
Genital infection	A sex organ (or reproductive organ) is any part of an animal's body that is involved in sexual reproduction.
Hepatitis B antibody normal	Hepatitis B antibody normal
Monoblast count	Monoblasts are the committed progenitor cells that differentiated from myeloid stem cell in the process of hematopoiesis.
Gasping syndrome	Paralanguage, also known as vocalics, is a component of meta-communication that may modify meaning, give nuanced meaning, or convey emotion, by using techniques such as prosody, pitch, volume, intonation, etc.
Von Willebrand's factor antigen increased	Von Willebrand's factor antigen increased
Red blood cell agglutination	"Red blood cells (RBCs), also referred to as red cells, red blood corpuscles, haematids, erythroid cells  or erythrocytes (from Greek erythros for ""red"" and kytos for ""hollow vessel"", with -cyte translated as ""cell"" in modern usage), are the most common type of blood cell and the vertebrate's principal means of delivering oxygen (O2) to the body tissues—via blood flow through the circulatory system."
Specific gravity urine decreased	Specific gravity urine decreased
Human polyomavirus infection	Human polyomavirus infection
Tumour marker decreased	A tumor marker is a biomarker found in blood, urine, or body tissues that can be elevated by the presence of one or more types of cancer.
Lipohypertrophy	Lipohypertrophy is a lump under the skin caused by accumulation of extra fat at the site of many subcutaneous injections of insulin.
Varicella keratitis	Chickenpox, also known as varicella, is a highly contagious disease caused by the initial infection with varicella zoster virus (VZV).
Polyomavirus test negative	Polyomavirus test negative
Procalcitonin decreased	Procalcitonin (PCT) is a peptide precursor of the hormone calcitonin, the latter being involved with calcium homeostasis.
Cystatin C abnormal	Cystatin C or cystatin 3 (formerly gamma trace, post-gamma-globulin, or neuroendocrine basic polypeptide), a protein encoded by the CST3 gene, is mainly used as a biomarker of kidney function.
Infusion site swelling	Infusion site swelling
Haemoglobin distribution width increased	Haemoglobin distribution width increased
Lymphoid hyperplasia of intestine	Lymphoid hyperplasia of intestine
Carbon dioxide combining power decreased	Carbon dioxide combining power decreased
Mononuclear cell count increased	Mononuclear cell count increased
Platelet-large cell ratio increased	Platelet-large cell ratio increased
Forced expiratory volume increased	Spirometry (meaning the measuring of breath) is the most common of the pulmonary function tests (PFTs).
Oestradiol increased	Estradiol (E2), also spelled oestradiol, is an estrogen steroid hormone and the major female sex hormone.
Radiation pneumonitis	Radiation-induced lung injury is a general term for damage to the lungs which occurs as a result of exposure to ionizing radiation.
Vasopressive therapy	Vasopressive therapy
Pneumonic plague	Pneumonic plague is a severe lung infection caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis.
Total lung capacity normal	Lung volumes and lung capacities refer to the volume of air in the lungs at different phases of the respiratory cycle.
Total cholesterol/HDL ratio decreased	Total cholesterol/HDL ratio decreased
JC virus test	Human polyomavirus 2, commonly referred to as the JC virus or John Cunningham virus, is a type of human polyomavirus (formerly known as papovavirus).
Metastatic renal cell carcinoma	Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is a kidney cancer that originates in the lining of the proximal convoluted tubule, a part of the very small tubes in the kidney that transport primary urine.
Synovial fluid white blood cells	Synovial fluid white blood cells
Vitreous opacities	Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent amorphous solid, that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative uses in, for example, window panes, tableware, optics, and optoelectronics.
Biopsy cartilage abnormal	Biopsy cartilage abnormal
Manganese normal	Manganese is a chemical element with the symbol Mn and atomic number 25.
Residual urine	Urinary retention is an inability to completely empty the bladder.
Prostatic calcification	On either side of the urethral crest is a slightly depressed fossa, the prostatic sinus, the floor of which is perforated by numerous apertures, the orifices of the prostatic ducts from the lateral lobes of the prostate.
Tandem gait test normal	Tandem gait test normal
Cryofibrinogenaemia	Cryofibrinogenaemia
Russell's viper venom time abnormal	Dilute Russell's viper venom time (dRVVT) is a laboratory test often used for detection of lupus anticoagulant (LA).
Overgrowth bacterial	Overgrowth bacterial
Dermal sinus	A sinus is a sac or cavity in any organ or tissue, or an abnormal cavity or passage caused by the destruction of tissue.
Intracranial haemangioma	The cranial cavity, also known as intracranial space, is the space within the skull.
Hepatitis E antibody normal	Hepatitis E antibody normal
CSF lactate dehydrogenase	CSF lactate dehydrogenase
Urine uric acid abnormal	Urine uric acid abnormal
Transcranial magnetic stimulation	Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), also known as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), is a noninvasive form of brain stimulation in which a changing magnetic field is used to cause electric current at a specific area of the brain through electromagnetic induction.
Transferrin saturation increased	Transferrin saturation, measured as a percentage, is a medical laboratory value.
Septic embolus	A septic embolism is a type of embolism that is infected with bacteria, resulting in the formation of pus.
Intracardiac mass	Intracardiac injections are injections that are given directly into the heart muscles or ventricles.
Infantile haemangioma	Infantile hemangiomas (IH) are a type of benign vascular tumor that occur in babies.
Thyroxin binding globulin	Thyroxin binding globulin
Venous bruit	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Prostatic dysplasia	On either side of the urethral crest is a slightly depressed fossa, the prostatic sinus, the floor of which is perforated by numerous apertures, the orifices of the prostatic ducts from the lateral lobes of the prostate.
Leucine aminopeptidase	Leucyl aminopeptidases (EC 3.4.11.1, leucine aminopeptidase, LAPs, leucyl peptidase, peptidase S, cytosol aminopeptidase, cathepsin III, L-leucine aminopeptidase, leucinaminopeptidase, leucinamide aminopeptidase, FTBL proteins, proteinates FTBL, aminopeptidase II, aminopeptidase III, aminopeptidase I) are enzymes that preferentially catalyze the hydrolysis of leucine residues at the N-terminus of peptides and proteins.
Osteonecrosis of jaw	Osteonecrosis of jaw
Xanthogranuloma	"Juvenile xanthogranuloma  is a form of histiocytosis, classified as ""non-Langerhans cell histiocytosis"", or more specifically, ""type 2"".It is a rare skin disorder that primarily affects children under one year of age but can also be found in older children and adults."
Glaucoma traumatic	Glaucoma is a group of eye diseases which result in damage to the optic nerve and cause vision loss.
Immune complex level increased	Immune complex level increased
Hyperintensity in brain deep nuclei	Hyperintensity in brain deep nuclei
Optic nerve operation	The optic nerve, also known as cranial nerve II, or simply as CN II, is a paired cranial nerve that transmits visual information from the retina to the brain.
Tender joint count	Tender joint count
Norepinephrine	Norepinephrine (NE), also called noradrenaline (NA) or noradrenalin, is an organic chemical in the catecholamine family that functions in the brain and body as a hormone and neurotransmitter.
Venous ligation	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Ethmoid sinus surgery	The ethmoid sinuses or ethmoid air cells of the ethmoid bone are one of the four paired paranasal sinuses.
Foetal non-stress test normal	Foetal non-stress test normal
Positive end-expiratory pressure	Positive end-expiratory pressure (PEEP) is the pressure in the lungs (alveolar pressure) above atmospheric pressure (the pressure outside of the body) that exists at the end of expiration.
Swine influenza	Swine influenza is an infection caused by any one of several types of swine influenza viruses.
Rectal ulcer	The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Legionella serology	The genus Legionella is a pathogenic group of Gram-negative bacteria that includes the species L. pneumophila, causing legionellosis (all illnesses caused by Legionella) including a pneumonia-type illness called Legionnaires' disease and a mild flu-like illness called Pontiac fever.Legionella may be visualized with a silver stain or cultured in cysteine-containing media such as buffered charcoal yeast extract agar.
Tri-iodothyronine free decreased	Tri-iodothyronine free decreased
Thymus disorder	The thymus is a specialized primary lymphoid organ of the immune system.
Gastric fluid analysis abnormal	Gastric fluid analysis abnormal
Red blood cell poikilocytes present	Red blood cell poikilocytes present
Pulmonary arterial wedge pressure	Pulmonary arterial wedge pressure
Enterobacter sepsis	Enterobacter is a genus of common Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.
Body surface area	In physiology and medicine, the body surface area (BSA) is the measured or calculated surface area of a human body.
Scan bone marrow abnormal	Scan bone marrow abnormal
Von Willebrand's factor activity normal	Von Willebrand's factor activity normal
Idiopathic neutropenia	An idiopathic disease is any disease with an unknown cause or mechanism of apparent spontaneous origin.
Urethral dilatation	Sounding or urethral sounding is the medical use of probes called sounds to increase the inner diameter of the urethra and to locate obstructions in it.
Protein S	Protein S (also known as S-Protein) is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein synthesized in the liver.
Synovial biopsy abnormal	Synovial biopsy abnormal
Platelet distribution width decreased	Platelet distribution width decreased
Prostate examination	The prostate is an exocrine gland of the male reproductive system in most mammals.
Ocular ischaemic syndrome	Ocular ischaemic syndrome
Performance fear	Performance is completion of a task with application of knowledge, skills and abilities.
Vascular endothelial growth factor assay	Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), originally known as vascular permeability factor (VPF), is a signal protein produced by cells that stimulates the formation of blood vessels.
Hypofibrinogenaemia	Fibrinolysis syndrome  is characterized by an acute hemorrhagic state brought about by inability of the blood to clot, with massive hemorrhages into the skin producing blackish, purplish swellings and sloughing.
Red blood cell microcytes present	Red blood cell microcytes present
Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase	"Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD or G6PDH) (EC 1.1.1.49) is a cytosolic  enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
D-glucose 6-phosphate + NADP+  ⇌ 6-phospho-D-glucono-1,5-lactone + NADPH + H+This enzyme participates in the pentose phosphate pathway (see image), a metabolic pathway that supplies reducing energy to cells (such as erythrocytes) by maintaining the level of the co-enzyme nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH)."
Vitamin B complex deficiency	B vitamins are a class of water-soluble vitamins that play important roles in cell metabolism.
Leukostasis syndrome	Leukostasis (also called symptomatic hyperleukocytosis) is a medical emergency most commonly seen in patients with acute myeloid leukemia.
Testicular failure	Hypogonadism means diminished functional activity of the gonads—the testes or the ovaries—that may result in diminished production of sex hormones.
Oligodendroglioma	Oligodendrogliomas are a type of glioma that are believed to originate from the oligodendrocytes of the brain or from a glial precursor cell.
Urticaria contact	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Tissue polypeptide antigen	Tissue polypeptide antigen
Lactose tolerance test	Lactose intolerance is a condition in which people have symptoms due to the decreased ability to digest lactose, a sugar found in dairy products.
Factor V deficiency	Factor V (pronounced factor five) is a protein of the coagulation system, rarely referred to as proaccelerin or labile factor.
Lumbarisation	Lumbarisation
Retinitis pigmentosa	Retinitis pigmentosa (RP) is a genetic disorder of the eyes that causes loss of vision.
Venous stasis	Venous stasis,  is a condition of slow blood flow in the veins, usually of the legs.
Pelvic mass	The pelvis (plural pelves or  pelvises) is either the lower part of the trunk of the human body between the abdomen and the thighs (sometimes also called pelvic region of the trunk) or the skeleton embedded in it (sometimes also called bony pelvis, or pelvic skeleton).
Pudendal nerve terminal motor latency test normal	Pudendal nerve terminal motor latency test normal
Coagulation factor X level decreased	Coagulation factor X level decreased
Thoracic cavity lavage	The thoracic cavity (or chest cavity) is the chamber of the body of vertebrates that is protected by the thoracic wall (rib cage and associated skin, muscle, and fascia).
Lung adenocarcinoma stage IV	Lung adenocarcinoma stage IV
Red blood cell acanthocytes present	Red blood cell acanthocytes present
Thrombin time abnormal	The thrombin time (TT), also known as the thrombin clotting time (TCT) is a blood test that measures the time it takes for a clot to form in the plasma of a blood sample containing anticoagulant, after an excess of thrombin has been added.
Myoglobin blood present	Myoglobin blood present
Manganese increased	Manganese is a chemical element with the symbol Mn and atomic number 25.
Orthodontic appliance user	Orthodontic technology is a specialty of dental technology that is concerned with the design and fabrication of dental appliances for the treatment of malocclusions, which may be a result of tooth irregularity, disproportionate jaw relationships, or both.
Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus	Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus  is a form of diabetes insipidus primarily due to pathology of the kidney.
Parophthalmia	Parophthalmia
Lymphocyte morphology	A lymphocyte is one of the subtypes of a white blood cell in a vertebrate's immune system.
Insulinoma	An insulinoma is a tumor of the pancreas that is derived from beta cells and secretes insulin.
Hepatitis E virus test positive	Hepatitis E virus test positive
Subretinal fibrosis	Subretinal fibrosis
Nephrocalcinosis	Nephrocalcinosis, once known as Albright's calcinosis after Fuller Albright, is a term originally used to describe deposition of calcium salts in the renal parenchyma due to hyperparathyroidism.
Urine iodine increased	Urine iodine increased
Carboxyhaemoglobin decreased	Carboxyhemoglobin or carboxyhaemoglobin (symbol COHb or HbCO) is a stable complex of carbon monoxide and hemoglobin (Hb) that forms in red blood cells upon contact with carbon monoxide (CO).
Thrombin time	The thrombin time (TT), also known as the thrombin clotting time (TCT) is a blood test that measures the time it takes for a clot to form in the plasma of a blood sample containing anticoagulant, after an excess of thrombin has been added.
Postictal psychosis	The postictal state is the altered state of consciousness after an epileptic seizure.
Rheumatoid factor quantitative	Rheumatoid factor (RF) is the autoantibody that was first found in rheumatoid arthritis.
Pericardial operation	There are two pericardial sinuses: transverse and oblique.
Obstructive defaecation	Obstructive defaecation
Graft versus host disease in skin	Graft versus host disease in skin
Stool trypsin	Stool trypsin
Metamyelocyte percentage increased	Metamyelocyte percentage increased
Papillary muscle disorder	The papillary muscles are muscles located in the ventricles of the heart.
Vaginal flatulence	Vaginal flatulence is an emission or expulsion of air from the vagina.
Iron binding capacity total increased	Iron binding capacity total increased
Sternotomy	"Median sternotomy is a type of surgical procedure in which a vertical inline incision is made along the sternum, after which the sternum itself is divided, or ""cracked""."
Knee meniscectomy	In humans and other primates, the knee joins the thigh with the leg and consists of two joints: one between the femur and tibia (tibiofemoral joint), and one between the femur and patella (patellofemoral joint).
Syndesmophyte	A syndesmophyte is a bony growth originating inside a ligament, commonly seen in the ligaments of the spine, specifically the ligaments in the intervertebral joints leading to fusion of vertebrae.
Lactate pyruvate ratio	Lactate pyruvate ratio
Thymol turbidity test	Thymol turbidity test
Laryngitis bacterial	Laryngitis is inflammation of the larynx (voice box).
Inferior vena cava dilatation	The inferior vena cava (or IVC) is a large vein that carries the deoxygenated blood from the lower and middle body into the right atrium of the heart.
Facial wasting	A facial is a family of skin care treatments for the face, including steam, exfoliation, extraction, creams, lotions, facial masks, peels, and massage.
Progressive bulbar palsy	Progressive bulbar palsy (PBP) is a medical condition.
Orchidopexy	Orchiopexy (or orchidopexy) is a surgery to move an undescended (cryptorchid) testicle into the scrotum and permanently fix it there.
Somatic hallucination	Somatic hallucination
Primary hyperthyroidism	Primary hyperthyroidism
Olfactory nerve disorder	The olfactory nerve is typically considered the first cranial nerve, or simply CN I, that contains sensory nerve fibers relating to smell.
Urethral discharge	In anatomy, the  urethra (from Greek οὐρήθρα – ourḗthrā) is a tube that connects the urinary bladder to the urinary meatus for the removal of urine from the body of both females and males.
Term birth	Term birth
Vein collapse	Veins are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart.
Haemoglobin distribution width	Haemoglobin distribution width
Plasma viscosity normal	Plasma viscosity normal
Oesophageal hypomotility	The esophagus (American English) or oesophagus (British English; see spelling differences) (), commonly known as the food pipe or gullet, is an organ in vertebrates through which food passes, aided by peristaltic contractions, from the pharynx to the stomach.
Mast cell degranulation present	Mast cell degranulation present
Stenotrophomonas sepsis	Stenotrophomonas is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria , comprising at least ten species.
Pancreatic enlargement	The pancreas is an organ of the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
Malignant tumour excision	Cancer is a group of diseases involving abnormal cell growth with the potential to invade or spread to other parts of the body.
Very low density lipoprotein	Very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), density relative to extracellular water, is a type of lipoprotein made by the liver.
Vitamin B6 increased	Vitamin B6 refers to a group of chemically similar compounds which can be interconverted in biological systems.
Varices oesophageal	A varix (pl.
Urine beryllium increased	Urine beryllium increased
Fungal DNA test positive	Fungal DNA test positive
Urine nitrogen	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Pancreas lipomatosis	The pancreas is an organ of the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
Vascular encephalopathy	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Central venous pressure decreased	Central venous pressure (CVP) is the blood pressure in the venae cavae, near the right atrium of the heart.
Hashimoto's encephalopathy	Hashimoto's encephalopathy, also known as steroid responsive encephalopathy associated with autoimmune thyroiditis (SREAT), is a neurological condition characterized by encephalopathy, thyroid autoimmunity, and good clinical response to steroids.
Renal tubular atrophy	"The nephron (from Greek νεφρός – nephros, meaning ""kidney"") is the microscopic structural and functional unit of the kidney."
Zinc sulphate turbidity test	Zinc sulphate turbidity test
Inspiratory capacity	Inspiratory capacity
Red blood cell agglutination present	Red blood cell agglutination present
Pulpitis dental	Pulpitis is inflammation of dental pulp tissue.
Hereditary haemochromatosis	Hereditary haemochromatosis (or hemochromatosis) is a genetic disorder characterized by excessive intestinal absorption of dietary iron, resulting in a pathological increase in total body iron stores.
Noninfective conjunctivitis	Noninfective conjunctivitis
Polyomavirus test positive	Polyomavirus test positive
Tyrosinaemia	Tyrosinemia or tyrosinaemia is an error of metabolism, usually inborn, in which the body cannot effectively break down the amino acid tyrosine.
Urine uric acid decreased	Urine uric acid decreased
HTLV test	The human T-lymphotropic virus, human T-cell lymphotropic virus, or human T-cell leukemia-lymphoma virus (HTLV) family of viruses are a group of human retroviruses that are known to cause a type of cancer called adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma and a demyelinating disease called HTLV-1 associated myelopathy/tropical spastic paraparesis (HAM/TSP).
Red blood cell macrocytes present	Red blood cell macrocytes present
Very low density lipoprotein decreased	Very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), density relative to extracellular water, is a type of lipoprotein made by the liver.
Infusion site haemorrhage	Infusion site haemorrhage
Renal sympathetic nerve ablation	Renal sympathetic nerve ablation
Histone antibody	In biology, histones are highly alkaline proteins found in eukaryotic cell nuclei that package and order the DNA into structural units called nucleosomes.
Mitogen stimulation test abnormal	Mitogen stimulation test abnormal
Stenotrophomonas test positive	Stenotrophomonas test positive
Myelocyte percentage increased	Myelocyte percentage increased
Platelet morphology	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
Vascular resistance systemic increased	Vascular resistance systemic increased
Femoral pulse decreased	The femoral artery is a large artery in the thigh and the main arterial supply to the thigh and leg.
Neutrophil percentage abnormal	Neutrophil percentage abnormal
Meniscus lesion	A meniscus is a crescent-shaped fibrocartilaginous anatomical structure that, in contrast to an articular disc, only partly divides a joint cavity.
Epidemic nephropathy	Nephropathia epidemica (NE) is a type of viral haemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (HFRS) caused by the Puumala virus.
Reticulocyte count abnormal	Reticulocytes are immature red blood cells (RBCs).
Device occlusion	Device occlusion
Nutritional condition normal	Nutritional condition normal
Spirochaetal infection	A spirochaete () or spirochete is a member of the phylum Spirochaetes (), which contains distinctive diderm (double-membrane) bacteria, most of which have long, helically coiled (corkscrew-shaped or spiraled, hence the name) cells.
Urinary tract infection pseudomonal	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Deficiency of bile secretion	Deficiency of bile secretion
Urine cytology	Urine cytology is a test that looks for abnormal cells in urine under a microscope.
Progesterone normal	Progesterone (P4) is an endogenous steroid and progestogen sex hormone involved in the menstrual cycle, pregnancy, and embryogenesis of humans and other species.
Visual analogue scale	The visual analogue scale or visual analog scale (VAS) is a psychometric response scale which can be used in questionnaires.
Red blood cell nucleated morphology	Red blood cell nucleated morphology
Urea urine	Urea, also known as carbamide, is an organic compound with chemical formula CO(NH2)2.
Renin increased	Renin (etymology and pronunciation), also known as an angiotensinogenase, is an aspartic protease protein and enzyme secreted by the kidneys that participates in the body's renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system (RAAS)—also known as the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone axis—that mediates the volume of extracellular fluid (blood plasma, lymph and interstitial fluid) and arterial vasoconstriction.
Thyroglobulin increased	Thyroglobulin (Tg) is a 660 kDa, dimeric glycoprotein produced by the follicular cells of the thyroid and used entirely within the thyroid gland.
Thymoma malignant	A thymoma is a tumor originating from the epithelial cells of the thymus that may be benign or malignant.
Polychromic red blood cells present	Polychromic red blood cells present
Genital injury	Genital trauma is trauma to the genitalia.
Urticaria cholinergic	Hives, also known as urticaria, is a kind of skin rash with red, raised, itchy bumps.
Spondylolysis	Spondylolysis (spon-dee-low-lye-sis) is defined as a defect or stress fracture in the pars interarticularis of the vertebral arch.
Unequal limb length	Unequal leg length (also termed leg length inequality, LLI or leg length discrepancy, LLD) is where the legs are either different lengths or appear to be different lengths because of misalignment.
Urine calcium increased	Urinary calcium is calcium in the urine.
Splenic vein thrombosis	The splenic vein (formerly the lienal vein) is a blood vessel that drains blood from the spleen, the stomach fundus and part of the pancreas.
Body fat disorder	In biology, adipose tissue, body fat, or simply fat is a loose connective tissue composed mostly of adipocytes.
Ethanol gelation test negative	Ethanol gelation test negative
Paracentesis ear abnormal	Paracentesis ear abnormal
Locked-in syndrome	Locked-in syndrome (LIS), also known as pseudocoma, is a condition in which a patient is aware but cannot move or communicate verbally due to complete paralysis of nearly all voluntary muscles in the body except for vertical eye movements and blinking.
Neutrophil morphology normal	Neutrophil morphology normal
Intracranial haematoma	The cranial cavity, also known as intracranial space, is the space within the skull.
Pyruvate kinase	Pyruvate kinase is the enzyme involved in the last step of glycolysis.
CD8 lymphocyte percentage decreased	CD8 lymphocyte percentage decreased
Portal tract inflammation	The lobules of liver, or hepatic lobules, are small divisions of the liver defined at the microscopic (histological) scale.
Lower gastrointestinal haemorrhage	Lower gastrointestinal haemorrhage
Oculomotor study normal	Oculomotor study normal
Platelet dysfunction	"Platelets, also called thrombocytes (from Greek θρόμβος, ""clot"" and κύτος, ""cell""), are a component of blood whose function (along with the coagulation factors) is to react to bleeding from blood vessel injury by clumping, thereby initiating a blood clot."
T-cell receptor gene rearrangement test	T-cell receptor gene rearrangement test
Red blood cell analysis abnormal	Red blood cell analysis abnormal
Palatal ulcer	The palate  is the roof of the mouth in humans and other mammals.
Purulent pericarditis	Pus is an exudate, typically white-yellow, yellow, or yellow-brown, formed at the site of inflammation during bacterial or fungal infection.
Hepatopulmonary syndrome	In medicine, hepatopulmonary syndrome is a syndrome of shortness of breath and hypoxemia (low oxygen levels in the blood of the arteries) caused by vasodilation (broadening of the blood vessels) in the lungs of patients with liver disease.
Opiates negative	Opiate is a term classically used in pharmacology to mean a drug derived from opium.
Nicotinamide	Nicotinamide (NAM), also known as niacinamide, is a form of vitamin B3 found in food and used as a dietary supplement and medication.
Thyroiditis acute	Thyroiditis is the inflammation of the thyroid gland.
Labile hypertension	Labile hypertension occurs when there are unexpected changes in blood pressure.
Reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome	Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is a syndrome characterized by headache, confusion, seizures and visual loss.
Mediastinal disorder	"The mediastinum (from Medieval Latin mediastinus, ""midway"") is the central compartment of the thoracic cavity surrounded by loose connective tissue, as an undelineated region that contains a group of structures within the thorax."
White blood cell analysis	White blood cells (WBCs), also called leukocytes or leucocytes, are the cells of the immune system that are involved in protecting the body against both infectious disease and foreign invaders.
Urine calcium decreased	Urinary calcium is calcium in the urine.
Strongyloidiasis	Strongyloidiasis is a human parasitic disease caused by the nematode called Strongyloides stercoralis, or sometimes S. fülleborni which is a type of helminth.
Urea urine decreased	Urea urine decreased
Focal nodular hyperplasia	Focal nodular hyperplasia (FNH) is a benign tumor of the liver (hepatic tumor), which is the second most prevalent tumor of the liver (the first is hepatic hemangioma).
Surfactant protein	Surfactants are compounds that lower the surface tension (or interfacial tension) between two liquids, between a gas and a liquid, or between a liquid and a solid.
Pulmonary alveolar haemorrhage	Pulmonary alveolar proteinosis (PAP) is a rare lung disorder characterized by an abnormal accumulation of surfactant-derived lipoprotein compounds within the alveoli of the lung.
Retinal thickening	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Vitamin C	Vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid and ascorbate, is a vitamin found in various foods and sold as a dietary supplement.
Retinal drusen	"Drusen, from the German word for node or geode (singular, ""Druse""), are tiny yellow or white accumulations of extracellular material that build up between Bruch's membrane and the retinal pigment epithelium of the eye."
Neonatal hypotension	"An infant (from the Latin word infans, meaning ""unable to speak"" or ""speechless"") is the more formal or specialised synonym for ""baby"", the very young offspring of a human."
Serous retinal detachment	Serous retinal detachment
Overgrowth fungal	Overgrowth fungal
Septic arthritis streptococcal	Septic arthritis, also known as joint infection or infectious arthritis, is the invasion of a joint by an infectious agent resulting in joint inflammation.
Temperature perception test decreased	Temperature perception test decreased
Pleural infection	The pleural cavity also known as the pleural space, is the thin fluid-filled space between the two pulmonary pleurae (known as visceral and parietal) of each lung.
Wheat-free diet	Wheat-free diet
White blood cell morphology	White blood cells (WBCs), also called leukocytes or leucocytes, are the cells of the immune system that are involved in protecting the body against both infectious disease and foreign invaders.
Large intestine operation	The large intestine, also known as the large bowel, is the last part of the gastrointestinal tract and of the digestive system in vertebrates.
Phobic avoidance	A phobia is a type of anxiety disorder, defined by a persistent and excessive fear of an object or situation.
Immune reconstitution syndrome	Immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS)  is a condition seen in some cases of AIDS or immunosuppression, in which the immune system begins to recover, but then responds to a previously acquired opportunistic infection with an overwhelming inflammatory response that paradoxically makes the symptoms of infection worse.
Vascular shunt	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Myeloblast count decreased	Myeloblast count decreased
Peripheral nerve decompression	A nerve is an enclosed, cable-like bundle of nerve fibres called axons, in the peripheral nervous system.
Urine magnesium	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Pancreatic steatosis	The pancreas is an organ of the digestive system and endocrine system of vertebrates.
Intestinal polyp	A colorectal polyp is a polyp (fleshy growth) occurring on the lining of the colon or rectum.
Eustachian tube patulous	The Eustachian tube, also known as the auditory tube or pharyngotympanic tube, is a tube that links the nasopharynx to the middle ear.
Urine sodium	Urine sodium is a measurement of the concentration of sodium in the urine.
Iron binding capacity total decreased	Iron binding capacity total decreased
POEMS syndrome	POEMS syndrome (also termed osteosclerotic myeloma, Crow–Fukase syndrome, Takatsuki disease, or PEP syndrome) is a rare paraneoplastic syndrome caused by a clone of aberrant plasma cells.
Tympanic membrane scarring	Not to be confused with the secondary tympanic membrane of the round windowIn the anatomy of humans and various other tetrapods, the eardrum, also called the tympanic membrane or myringa, is a thin, cone-shaped membrane that separates the external ear from the middle ear.
Urinary tract infection enterococcal	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Rectal spasm	The rectum is the final straight portion of the large intestine in humans and some other mammals, and the gut in others.
Urine cytomegalovirus	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Hantaviral infection	Hantaviral infection
Pulmonary ossification	The lungs are the primary organs of the respiratory system in humans and many other animals including a few fish and some snails.
Transferrin normal	Transferrins are iron-binding blood plasma glycoproteins that control the level of free iron (Fe) in biological fluids.
Soft tissue haemorrhage	In anatomy, soft tissue includes the tissues that connect, support, or surround other structures and organs of the body, not being hard tissue such as bone.
Proctoscopy normal	Proctoscopy is a common medical procedure in which an instrument called a proctoscope (also known as a rectoscope, although the latter may be a bit longer) is used to examine the anal cavity, rectum, or sigmoid colon.
Haemofiltration	In medicine, hemofiltration, also haemofiltration, is a renal replacement therapy which is used in the intensive care setting.
Marginal zone lymphoma	Marginal zone B-cell lymphomas, now commonly termed marginal zone lymphomas (i.e.
Stoma care	"In botany, a stoma (plural ""stomata""), also called a stomate (plural ""stomates"") (from Greek στόμα, ""mouth""), is a pore, found in the epidermis of leaves, stems, and other organs, that facilitates gas exchange."
International normalised ratio abnormal	The prothrombin time (PT) – along with its derived measures of prothrombin ratio (PR) and international normalized ratio (INR) – are assays evaluating the extrinsic pathway and common pathway of coagulation.
Urinary tract infection fungal	A urinary tract infection (UTI) is an infection that affects part of the urinary tract.
Red blood cell elliptocytes present	Red blood cell elliptocytes present
Testicular scan normal	Testicular scan normal
Rhinitis seasonal	Rhinitis, also known as coryza, is irritation and inflammation of the mucous membrane inside the nose.
Hantavirus pulmonary infection	Hantavirus pulmonary infection
Hepatic infection fungal	Hepatic infection fungal
Urine protein/creatinine ratio decreased	Urine protein/creatinine ratio is a widely used initial method to estimate daily protein excretion in urine.
Intervertebral disc compression	An intervertebral disc (or intervertebral fibrocartilage) lies between adjacent vertebrae in the vertebral column.
Urine potassium decreased	Urine potassium decreased
Urine copper	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Floating patella	Floating patella
Histoplasmosis	Histoplasmosis is a disease caused by the fungus Histoplasma capsulatum.
Pericarditis meningococcal	Pericarditis is inflammation of the pericardium (the fibrous sac surrounding the heart).
Prescribed overdose	Prescribed overdose
Endocarditis staphylococcal	Endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart, the endocardium.
Hypocalcaemic seizure	Hypocalcaemia is low calcium levels in the blood serum.
Mycobacteria test	Mycobacterium is a genus of Actinobacteria, given its own family, the Mycobacteriaceae.
Sex hormone binding globulin	Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) or sex steroid-binding globulin (SSBG) is a glycoprotein that binds to androgens and estrogens.
Feeling guilty	Feeling is the nominalization of the verb to feel.
Renal neoplasm	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Fabry's disease	Fabry disease, also known as Anderson–Fabry disease, is a rare genetic disease that can affect many parts of the body including the kidneys, heart, and skin.
Hair injury	Hair is a protein filament that grows from follicles found in the dermis.
Sensory integration therapy	Sensory integration therapy is based on A. Jean Ayres' Sensory Integration Theory.
Urea urine normal	Urea urine normal
Rathke's cleft cyst	A Rathke's cleft cyst is a benign growth found on the pituitary gland in the brain, specifically a mucin-filled cyst in the posterior portion of the anterior pituitary gland.
Intra-aortic balloon placement	Intra-aortic balloon placement
Malignant neoplasm of unknown primary site	Malignant neoplasm of unknown primary site
Wound evisceration	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Itching scar	Itch (also known as pruritus) is a sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch.
Fungal endocarditis	A fungus (plural: fungi or funguses) is any member of the group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds, as well as the more familiar mushrooms.
Pelvic floor muscle weakness	The pelvic floor or pelvic diaphragm is composed of muscle fibers of the levator ani, the coccygeus muscle, and associated connective tissue which span the area underneath the pelvis.
Substance-induced psychotic disorder	Substance-induced psychotic disorder
Orbital pseudotumour	Orbital pseudotumour
Myeloblast count	The myeloblast is a unipotent stem cell which differentiates into the effectors of the granulocyte series.
Pulmonary hilar enlargement	Pulmonary hilar enlargement
Post procedural bile leak	Post procedural bile leak
Vitamin B1 increased	Thiamine, also known as thiamin or vitamin B1, is a vitamin found in food, and manufactured as a dietary supplement and medication.
Influenza C virus test	Influenza C virus is the species in the genus Influenzavirus C, in the virus family Orthomyxoviridae, which like other influenza viruses, causes influenza.
Vitamin C normal	Vitamin C, also known as ascorbic acid and ascorbate, is a vitamin found in various foods and sold as a dietary supplement.
Light chain analysis abnormal	Light chain analysis abnormal
Ischaemic hepatitis	Ischemia or ischaemia is a restriction in blood supply to tissues, causing a shortage of oxygen that is needed for cellular metabolism (to keep tissue alive).
Oculocephalogyric reflex absent	Oculocephalogyric reflex absent
Reverse tri-iodothyronine decreased	Reverse tri-iodothyronine decreased
Disseminated intravascular coagulation in newborn	Disseminated intravascular coagulation in newborn
Urine electrolytes	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Electron microscopy	An electron microscope is a microscope that uses a beam of accelerated electrons as a source of illumination.
Retinal pallor	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Non-small cell lung cancer metastatic	Non-small-cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) is any type of epithelial lung cancer other than small cell lung carcinoma (SCLC).
Venous angioma of brain	Venous angioma of brain
Phlebolith	A phlebolith is a small local, usually rounded, calcification within a vein.
Osteitis condensans	Osteitis is inflammation of bone.
Urodynamics measurement abnormal	Urodynamics measurement abnormal
Urine osmolarity normal	Urine osmolarity normal
Von Willebrand's factor activity increased	Von Willebrand's factor activity increased
Vitreous haze	Glass is a non-crystalline, often transparent amorphous solid, that has widespread practical, technological, and decorative uses in, for example, window panes, tableware, optics, and optoelectronics.
Pancreatitis mumps	Pancreatitis is a condition characterized by inflammation of the pancreas.
Perineal ulceration	The perineum is the space between the anus and scrotum in the male and between the anus and the vulva in the female.
Pneumocystis test negative	Pneumocystis test negative
Thumb sucking	Thumb sucking is a behavior found in humans, chimpanzees, captive ring-tailed lemurs, and other primates.
Urine amphetamine negative	Urine amphetamine negative
Single photon emission computerised tomogram	Single photon emission computerised tomogram
Urine electrophoresis	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Vasomotor rhinitis	Nonallergic rhinitis is inflammation of the inner part of the nose that is not caused by an allergy.
Liver scan abnormal	Liver scan abnormal
Leukoaraiosis	Leukoaraiosis is a particular abnormal change in appearance of white matter near the lateral ventricles.
Urine potassium abnormal	Urine potassium abnormal
Pulmonary hilum mass	Pulmonary hilum mass
Scan gallium normal	Scan gallium normal
Soluble fibrin monomer complex increased	Soluble fibrin monomer complex increased
Mammoplasty	Mammaplasty (also called mammoplasty or mastoplasty) refers to a group of surgical procedures, the goal of which is to reshape or otherwise modify the appearance of the breast.
Nasal irrigation	Nasal irrigation, (also called nasal lavage, nasal toilet, or nasal douche) is a personal hygiene practice in which the nasal cavity is washed to flush out mucus and debris from the nose and sinuses.
Hyperchromasia	"Dysplasia (from Ancient Greek δυσ- dys-,  ""bad"" or ""difficult"" and πλάσις plasis, ""formation"") is an abnormal growth or development of cells (microscopic scale) and/or organs (macroscopic scale), and/or the abnormal histology or anatomical structure presumably resulting from such growth."
Glomerulosclerosis	Glomerulosclerosis is hardening of the glomeruli in the kidney.
Relapsing multiple sclerosis	Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a demyelinating disease in which the insulating covers of nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord are damaged.
Organic erectile dysfunction	Organic erectile dysfunction
Vagal nerve stimulator implantation	Vagal nerve stimulator implantation
Weight normal	In science and engineering, the weight of an object is related to the force acting on the object, either due to gravity or to a reaction force that holds it in place.Some standard textbooks define weight as a vector quantity, the gravitational force acting on the object.
Red blood cell hypochromic morphology present	Red blood cell hypochromic morphology present
Myelocyte percentage	A myelocyte is a young cell of the granulocytic series, occurring normally in bone marrow (can be found in circulating blood when caused by certain diseases).
Pulmonary valve incompetence	The pulmonary valve (sometimes referred to as the pulmonic valve) is the semilunar valve of the heart that lies between the right ventricle and the pulmonary artery and has three cusps.
Wound abscess	A wound is a type of injury which happens relatively quickly in which skin is torn, cut, or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound).
Lumbar hernia	A hernia is the abnormal exit of tissue or an organ, such as the bowel, through the wall of the cavity in which it normally resides.
Small intestine polyp	The small intestine or small bowel is an organ in the gastrointestinal tract where most of the end absorption of nutrients and minerals from food takes place.
Punctate basophilia	Punctate basophilia
Iron binding capacity unsaturated decreased	Iron binding capacity unsaturated decreased
Quantitative sudomotor axon reflex test	Quantitative sudomotor axon reflex test
Flight of ideas	This glossary covers terms found in the psychiatric literature; the word origins are primarily Greek, but there are also Latin, French, German, and English terms.
Nail atrophy	Nail atrophy
Metachromatic leukodystrophy	Metachromatic leukodystrophy  (MLD) is a lysosomal storage disease which is commonly listed in the family of leukodystrophies as well as among the sphingolipidoses as it affects the metabolism of sphingolipids.
Respiratory tract haemorrhage	In humans, the respiratory tract is the part of the anatomy of the respiratory system involved with the process of respiration.
Globotriaosylceramide increased	Globotriaosylceramide is a globoside.It is also known as CD77, Gb3, and ceramide trihexoside.
Somatostatin receptor scan abnormal	Somatostatin receptor scan abnormal
Murphy's sign test	In medicine, Murphy sign refers to a maneuver during a physical examination as part of the abdominal examination.
Skin fragility	Skin is the soft outer tissue covering of vertebrates with three main functions: protection, regulation, and sensation.Other animal coverings, such as the arthropod exoskeleton, have different developmental origin, structure and chemical composition.
Vitamin K increased	Vitamin K is a group of structurally similar, fat-soluble vitamins found in foods and in dietary supplements.
Sinus antrostomy	Sinus antrostomy
X-ray therapy to soft tissue	X-ray therapy to soft tissue
Rocky mountain spotted fever	Rocky Mountain spotted fever (RMSF) is a bacterial disease spread by ticks.
Myofascial spasm	"A fascia (; plural fasciae ; adjective fascial; from Latin: ""band"") is a band or sheet of connective tissue, primarily collagen, beneath the skin that attaches, stabilizes, encloses, and separates muscles and other internal organs."
Urine amino acid level increased	Urine amino acid level increased
Lead urine normal	Lead urine normal
Faecalith	A fecalith is a stone made of feces.
Granulomatous liver disease	Granulomatous liver disease
Tri-iodothyronine uptake	Triiodothyronine, also known as T3, is a thyroid hormone.
Hepaplastin test	Hepaplastin test
Sympathicotonia	The sympathetic nervous system (SNS) is one of the two main divisions of the autonomic nervous system, the other being the parasympathetic nervous system.
Platelet adhesiveness	Platelet adhesiveness is the adhesion of platelets to other structures.It can be contrasted with platelet aggregation, which refers to the processes or factors which lead to the adhesion of platelets to other platelets.
Synovial rupture	Synovial fluid, also called synovia,[help 1] is a viscous, non-Newtonian fluid found in the cavities of synovial joints.
Neurilemmoma benign	A schwannoma is a usually benign nerve sheath tumor composed of Schwann cells, which normally produce the insulating myelin sheath covering peripheral nerves.
Metastatic neoplasm	Metastasis is a pathogenic agent's spread from an initial or primary site to a different or secondary site within the host's body; the term is typically used when referring to metastasis by a cancerous tumor.
Very low density lipoprotein normal	Very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL), density relative to extracellular water, is a type of lipoprotein made by the liver.
Neonatal cholestasis	Neonatal cholestasis defines persisting conjugated hyperbilirubinemia in the newborn with conjugated bilirubin levels exceeding 15% (5.0 mg/dL) of total bilirubin level.
Phenylalanine screen positive	Phenylalanine screen positive
Leptospira test positive	Leptospira test positive
Intermediate uveitis	Intermediate uveitis is a form of uveitis localized to the vitreous and peripheral retina.
Vanillyl mandelic acid urine increased	Vanillyl mandelic acid urine increased
Russell's viper venom time	Dilute Russell's viper venom time (dRVVT) is a laboratory test often used for detection of lupus anticoagulant (LA).
Renal replacement therapy	Renal replacement therapy (RRT) is therapy that replaces the normal blood-filtering function of the kidneys.
Ophthalmic fluid-air exchange procedure	Ophthalmic fluid-air exchange procedure
Sphingomonas paucimobilis infection	Sphingomonas paucimobilis is a strictly aerobic  Gram-negative bacterium that has a single polar flagellum with slow motility.
Sinusitis fungal	Sinusitis, also known as rhinosinusitis, is inflammation of the mucous membranes that line the sinuses resulting in symptoms.
Umbilical discharge	Umbilical discharge
Myocarditis bacterial	Myocarditis, also known as inflammatory cardiomyopathy, is inflammation of the heart muscle.
Plateletcrit increased	Plateletcrit increased
Thyroglobulin decreased	Thyroglobulin (Tg) is a 660 kDa, dimeric glycoprotein produced by the follicular cells of the thyroid and used entirely within the thyroid gland.
Scar pain	A scar is an area of fibrous tissue that replaces normal skin after an injury.
Lipaemic index score	Lipaemic index score
Septic phlebitis	Septic shock is a potentially fatal medical condition that occurs when sepsis, which is organ injury or damage in response to infection, leads to dangerously low blood pressure and abnormalities in cellular metabolism.
Renal haematoma	The kidneys are two bean-shaped organs found in vertebrates.
Sphenoid sinus operation	The sphenoid sinus is one of the four paired paranasal sinuses that is contained within the body of the sphenoid bone.
Ceruloplasmin decreased	Ceruloplasmin (or caeruloplasmin) is a ferroxidase enzyme that in humans is encoded by the CP gene.Ceruloplasmin is the major copper-carrying protein in the blood, and in addition plays a role in iron metabolism.
Puberty	Puberty is the process of physical changes through which a child's body matures into an adult body capable of sexual reproduction.
Swan ganz catheter placement	Swan ganz catheter placement
Glyceric acid urine	Glyceric acid is a natural three-carbon sugar acid obtained from the oxidation of glycerol.
Retinol binding protein	Retinol-binding proteins (RBP) are a family of proteins with diverse functions.
Pneumothorax spontaneous tension	Pneumothorax spontaneous tension
Splenic haemorrhage	The spleen is an organ found in virtually all vertebrates.
Monocyte morphology abnormal	Monocyte morphology abnormal
Plasmacytoma	Plasmacytoma is a plasma cell dyscrasia in which a plasma cell tumour grows within soft tissue or within the axial skeleton.
Nodal rhythm	Nodal rhythm
Urea renal clearance	Urea renal clearance
Scrub typhus	Scrub typhus or bush typhus  is a form of typhus caused by the intracellular parasite Orientia tsutsugamushi, a Gram-negative α-proteobacterium of family Rickettsiaceae first isolated and identified in 1930 in Japan.Although the disease is similar in presentation to other forms of typhus, its pathogen is no longer included in genus Rickettsia with the typhus bacteria proper, but in Orientia.
Spinal stenosis	Spinal stenosis is an abnormal narrowing of the spinal canal or neural foramen that results in pressure on the spinal cord or nerve roots.
Retroperitoneal haematoma	The retroperitoneal space (retroperitoneum) is the anatomical space (sometimes a potential space) in the abdominal cavity behind (retro) the peritoneum.
Melanosis coli	Melanosis coli, also pseudomelanosis coli, is a disorder of pigmentation of the wall of the colon, often identified at the time of colonoscopy.
Pancreatography	Pancreatography
Paracentesis abdomen abnormal	Paracentesis abdomen abnormal
Kaolin cephalin clotting time prolonged	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Kaolin cephalin clotting time	The partial thromboplastin time (PTT) or activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT or APTT) is a blood test that characterizes coagulation of the blood.
Proctosigmoidoscopy normal	"Sigmoidoscopy (from the Greek term for letter ""s/ς"" + ""eidos"" + ""scopy"": namely, to look inside an ""s""/""ς""-like object) is the minimally invasive medical examination of the large intestine from the rectum through the nearest part of the colon, the sigmoid colon."
Tumour marker increased	A tumor marker is a biomarker found in blood, urine, or body tissues that can be elevated by the presence of one or more types of cancer.
Peritoneal adhesions	The peritoneum is the serous membrane forming the lining of the abdominal cavity or coelom in amniotes and some invertebrates, such as annelids.
Rectal ultrasound normal	Rectal ultrasound normal
Metastases to spine	Metastases to spine
Urine electrophoresis normal	Urine electrophoresis normal
Paraneoplastic encephalomyelitis	A paraneoplastic syndrome is a syndrome (a set of signs and symptoms) that is the consequence of cancer in the body, but unlike a mass effect, is not due to the local presence of cancer cells.
Specific gravity body fluid	Specific gravity body fluid
Peritoneal mesothelial hyperplasia	Peritoneal mesothelial hyperplasia
Metastatic malignant melanoma	Metastatic malignant melanoma
Septoplasty	"Septoplasty [ˈsɛp.toˌplæ.sti]
(Etymology: L, saeptum, septum; Gk, πλάσσειν plassein – to shape), or alternatively submucous septal resection and septal reconstruction, is a corrective surgical procedure done to straighten a deviated nasal septum – the nasal septum being the partition between the two nasal cavities."
Vitamin A	Vitamin A is a group of unsaturated nutritional organic compounds that includes retinol, retinal, retinoic acid, and several provitamin A carotenoids (most notably beta-carotene).
Nodal osteoarthritis	Nodal osteoarthritis
Locomotive syndrome	A locomotive or engine is a rail transport vehicle that provides the motive power for a train.
Ulnar tunnel syndrome	Ulnar tunnel syndrome, also known as Guyon's canal syndrome or Handlebar palsy, is caused by entrapment of the ulnar nerve in the Guyon canal as it passes through the wrist.
Colon adenoma	Colon adenoma
Paratracheal lymphadenopathy	Paratracheal lymphadenopathy
Perinephric effusion	The adipose capsule of kidney (or perinephric fat or perirenal fat) is a structure between the renal fascia and renal capsule, and may be regarded as a part of the latter.
Erythema ab igne	Erythema ab igne (EAI), also known as hot water bottle rash, is a skin condition caused by long-term exposure to heat (infrared radiation).
Psoas abscess	An abscess in the psoas muscle of the abdomen may be caused by lumbar tuberculosis.
Urine alcohol test positive	Urine alcohol test positive
Colon polypectomy	Colon polypectomy
Myelocyte percentage decreased	Myelocyte percentage decreased
Hypothyroidic goitre	Hypothyroidic goitre
Verbigeration	This glossary covers terms found in the psychiatric literature; the word origins are primarily Greek, but there are also Latin, French, German, and English terms.
Spinal cord lipoma	The spinal cord is a long, thin, tubular structure made up of nervous tissue, which extends from the medulla oblongata in the brainstem to the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Vibrio test positive	Vibrio test positive
Urine protein/creatinine ratio abnormal	Urine protein/creatinine ratio is a widely used initial method to estimate daily protein excretion in urine.
Nitrite urine	The nitrite ion, which has the chemical formula NO−2, is a symmetric anion with equal N–O bond lengths.
Procedural intestinal perforation	Procedural intestinal perforation
Xanthochromia	"Xanthochromia, from the Greek xanthos (ξανθός) ""yellow"" and chroma (χρώμα) ""colour"", is the yellowish appearance of cerebrospinal fluid that occurs several hours after bleeding into the subarachnoid space caused by certain medical conditions, most commonly subarachnoid hemorrhage."
Superinfection viral	A superinfection is a second infection superimposed on an earlier one, especially by a different microbial agent of exogenous or endogenous origin, that is resistant to the treatment being used against the first infection.
Rheumatoid nodule	A rheumatoid nodule is a local swelling or tissue lump, usually rather firm to touch, like an unripe fruit, which occurs almost exclusively in association with rheumatoid arthritis.
Microtia	Microtia is a congenital deformity where the pinna (external ear) is underdeveloped.
Myotonic dystrophy	Myotonic dystrophy is a long-term genetic disorder that affects muscle function.
Prostatic cyst	On either side of the urethral crest is a slightly depressed fossa, the prostatic sinus, the floor of which is perforated by numerous apertures, the orifices of the prostatic ducts from the lateral lobes of the prostate.
Normochromic anaemia	Normochromic anemia is a form of anemia in which the concentration of hemoglobin in the red blood cells is within the standard range, but there is an insufficient number of red blood cells.
Tangentiality	Tangential speech or tangentiality is a communication disorder in which the train of thought of the speaker wanders and shows a lack of focus, never returning to the initial topic of the conversation.
Right ventricular systolic pressure increased	Right ventricular systolic pressure increased
Venous pressure jugular increased	Venous pressure jugular increased
Retinal ischaemia	Retinal, also known as retinaldehyde, is a form of vitamin A.
Testicular injury	Testicular trauma is an injury to one or both testicles.
Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty	Uvulopalatopharyngoplasty (also known by the abbreviations UPPP and UP3) is a surgical procedure or sleep surgery used to remove tissue and/or remodel tissue in the throat.
Ophthalmic scan	Ophthalmology () is a branch of medicine and surgery which deals with the diagnosis and treatment of eye disorders.
Porphyrins urine normal	Porphyrins urine normal
Promyelocyte count decreased	Promyelocyte count decreased
Retinal perivascular sheathing	Retinal perivascular sheathing
Residual urine volume increased	Residual urine volume increased
Psychogenic pain disorder	Psychogenic pain is physical pain that is caused, increased, or prolonged by mental, emotional, or behavioral factors.Headache, back pain, or stomach pain are some of the most common types of psychogenic pain.
Masticatory pain	Masticatory pain
Spinal flattening	Spinal flattening
Urine osmolarity	Urine is a liquid by-product of metabolism in humans and in many other animals.
Vessel puncture site reaction	Vessel puncture site reaction
Wrist deformity	"In human anatomy, the wrist is variously defined as 1) the carpus or carpal bones, the complex of eight bones forming the proximal skeletal segment of the hand; (2) the wrist joint or radiocarpal joint, the joint between the radius and the carpus  and
(3) the anatomical region surrounding the carpus including the distal parts of the bones of the forearm and the proximal parts of the metacarpus or five metacarpal bones and the series of joints between these bones, thus referred to as wrist joints."
Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased	Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol increased
Schirmer's test abnormal	Schirmer's test determines whether the eye produces enough tears to keep it moist.
Reticulocyte haemoglobin equivalent	Reticulocyte haemoglobin equivalent
Precursor T-lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukaemia	Precursor T-lymphoblastic lymphoma/leukaemia
Stoma site reaction	Stoma site reaction
Urine osmolarity decreased	Urine osmolarity decreased
Rhesus antibodies	Rhesus antibodies
Tricuspid valve disease	The tricuspid valve, or right atrioventricular valve, is on the right dorsal side of the mammalian heart, at the superior portion of the right ventricle.
Serum pristanic acid increased	Serum pristanic acid increased
Oxygen consumption	Blood is a body fluid in humans and other animals that delivers necessary substances such as nutrients and oxygen to the cells and transports metabolic waste products away from those same cells.In vertebrates, it is composed of blood cells suspended in blood plasma.
Streptokinase antibody increased	Streptokinase antibody increased
Weight below normal	Weight below normal
Microlithiasis	Microlithiasis
Ventricular assist device insertion	A ventricular assist device (VAD) is an electromechanical device for assisting cardiac circulation, which is used either to partially or to completely replace the function of a failing heart.
Urine porphobilinogen normal	Urine porphobilinogen normal
Urethral intrinsic sphincter deficiency	Urethral intrinsic sphincter deficiency
Ureaplasma test positive	Ureaplasma test positive
Yersinia serology negative	Yersinia serology negative
Superior vena cava stenosis	The superior vena cava (SVC) is the superior of the two venae cavae, the great venous trunks that return deoxygenated blood from the systemic circulation to the right atrium of the heart.
Vascular calcification	The blood vessels are the components of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the human body.
Vitamin B2	Riboflavin, also known as vitamin B2, is a vitamin found in food and used as a dietary supplement.
Urinary nitrogen decreased	Urinary nitrogen decreased
Prolymphocytic leukaemia	Hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) are the stem cells that give rise to other blood cells.
Grief reaction	Grief is a multifaceted response to loss, particularly to the loss of someone or something that has died, to which a bond or affection was formed.
Urine chloride decreased	Urine chloride decreased
Venous oxygen saturation decreased	Oxygen  saturation (symbol SO2) is a relative measure of the concentration of oxygen that is dissolved or carried in a given medium as a proportion of the maximal concentration that can be dissolved in that medium.
Tracheal stenosis	Laryngotracheal stenosis refers to abnormal narrowing of the central air passageways.
Urine arsenic decreased	Urine arsenic decreased
Toxic leukoencephalopathy	Toxic leukoencephalopathy is a rare condition that is characterized by progressive damage (-pathy) to white matter (-leuko-) in the brain (-encephalo-), particularly myelin, due to causes such as exposure to drug abuse, environmental toxins, or chemotherapeutic drugs.
Psychotherapy	Psychotherapy (psychological therapy or talking therapy) is the use of psychological methods, particularly when based on regular personal interaction, to help a person change behavior and overcome problems in desired ways.
Hypoosmolar state	Hypoosmolar state
Roseolovirus test	Roseolovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Herpesvirales, in the family Herpesviridae, in the subfamily Betaherpesvirinae.
Persistent left superior vena cava	In anatomy, a persistent left superior vena cava (PLSVC) is the most common variation of the thoracic venous system, is  prevalent in 0.3% of the population, and an embryologic remnant that results from a failure to involute.
Transient psychosis	Transient psychosis
Turbinectomy	Turbinectomy is a procedure in which some or all of the turbinate bones in the nasal passage are removed, generally to relieve nasal obstruction.
Trendelenburg's symptom	Trendelenburg's symptom
Pyelogram retrograde abnormal	Pyelogram retrograde abnormal
Salivary gland calculus	The salivary glands in mammals are exocrine glands that produce saliva through a system of ducts.
Vertebral lesion	The vertebral column, also known as the backbone or spine, is part of the axial skeleton.
Vena cava filter insertion	An inferior vena cava filter is a type of vascular filter, a medical device that is implanted by interventional radiologists or vascular surgeons into the inferior vena cava to presumably prevent life-threatening pulmonary emboli (PEs).
Insulin-like growth factor	The insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are proteins with high sequence similarity to insulin.
Insulin-like growth factor increased	The insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) are proteins with high sequence similarity to insulin.
Urological examination abnormal	Urological examination abnormal
Urine transitional cells present	Urine transitional cells present
Tooth deposit	A tooth (plural teeth) is a hard, calcified structure found in the jaws (or mouths) of many vertebrates and used to break down food.
Tinea manuum	Tinea manuum  is a fungal infection of the hand.
Traumatic arthritis	Traumatic arthritis
Urine amino acid level normal	Urine amino acid level normal
Steroid activity	A steroid is a biologically active organic compound with four rings arranged in a specific molecular configuration.
